Waiters what Valentine day disasters have you witnessed?
How do you feel about a 4 day work week?
What's a TV series that everyone should give a go?
You're transported 200 years into the past with a fully charged smart phone but no charger. what do you do?
A ghost will haunt you forever. You can choose who he/she was before dying. Who's your ghost?
What was the most porno situation you’ve ever had?
Donald Trump hasn’t tweeted in 19 hours, what are your theories on what’s happening in the White House right now?
A popular saying is "Nothing ie ever lost on the internet" but what is something you have been searching for years and you haven't found it yet?
The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
What's your favorite subreddit to binge read?
[Serious] Therapists of Reddit, what are some Red Flags we should look for in therapists?
The porn industry wants to start turning historical events into adult films, what are some of the titles they come up with?
What are some deep, thought provoking questions to ask someone to know them better?
Of all movie opening scenes, which one sold the entire film?
If marriages were 5 to 10 year contracts with options to renew if both parties accept, how would the world be different?
Parents of reddit: what are your kids currently attempting to hide from you?
People who "switched sides" in a highly divided community (political, religious, pizza topping debate), what happened that changed your mind? How did it go?
What’s the dumbest thing your significant other has said or done?
We create a sentient artificial intelligence and the first thing it does is switch itself off. How does the world react?
Goodwill/thrift shop workers, what are some of the strangest things you've found in the donations?
What's your top "wow, that actually worked?" moment?
How does someone politely end a conversation with a person who won't stop talking?
You are offered 10 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
Parents of Reddit, what "why?" Has your toddler thrown you that even Google couldn't answer?
Government employees that voted for trump, what are your current thoughts about him as president?
You are a 18 year old boy who is about to meet your 17 year old girlfriends family. The father is the stereotypical dad who polishes his guns in front of the boyfriend. What do you say/do that will make him contemplate shooting you?
What are the best, most useful, must-have Google Chrome extensions?
Hong Kong protesters how is it going on the front lines?
Which insanely popular or successful movie you secretly hate but are afraid to say if in the open fearing backlash from "fans"?
You are now the manager of purgatory, it’s a mix between heaven and hell. How would you make people uncomfortable, while they can also enjoy things?
What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?
Former burglars of reddit, where is one place people should never hide valuables?
People who have had sex with someone with a disability of some sorts, what was different about that experience?
You're tired from the human race, so you decide to help an advanced alien civilization destroy the Earth, what tips would you give them?
Anyone who won a "lifetime supply" of something, what did you win, and are they still supplying it to you?
If written like a news report, what stories from the bible were done by Florida man?
What foods are so good you could literally eat them every day and still want more?
What's a song you love from a genre you don't?
What did a crush do that made you immediately lose interest?
What's something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
You are meeting your new boyfriend/girlfriends parents at their house for dinner for the first time. Your new bf/gf leaves to go to the bathroom. What do you say to their parents to create a maximum level of awkwardness for the rest of the evening before they come back from bathroom?
you are teleported into a game of your choice for a month, if you die in the game you die in real life BUT Whatever you collect in the game you can keep in real life. (skils, magic, items, pets, clothes) what game do you pick?
What are some ridiculous history facts?
What's classy if you're rich but trashy if you're poor?
A magical pet store is open, but the good pets are too expensive, what magical pets you find in the discount section?
Teachers, what’s the darkest thing you’ve seen from a student?
Non-Americans, does your culture have "old-fashioned" dog names like we do in America, such as Fido, Rex, Spot, Rover, etc, and what are some?
How would you feel about a ban of “how are you today” questions on the sub?
What happened today that made you happy?
You just got an offer for $600K...but to collect it, you gotta have sex with the main character of the last tv show you watched. Who will it be?
The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you google first?
Tour guides of Reddit, what's the worst thing a tourist has ever done under your supervision?
For the few that have actually read any terms and conditions, what sneaky things have you found?
What looked amazing in the ads, but turned out to be useless after you bought it?
0.1% doesn't seem much, however, What would horribly, catastrophically, go wrong if it was off by 0.1%?
People who read the terms and conditions of any website or game. What's something you think other people should know about them?
Kids who sung on Kidz Bop, how was that experience and did you ever put that on a resume?
What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
What should everyone try at least once in their life? [Serious]
For the people browsing Reddit right now to kill time, what are you waiting for?
Pornhub premium members of reddit, was the purchase worth it and what are the benefits and downsides to it?
Reddit, if you die today, and the afterlife hands you a book that contains all stats from your life, which stat will you look up first and why?
People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
What mind-blowing (but simple) facts would satisfy a 4-year old daughter’s daily request for 1 fact before bedtime?
Parents of reddit: How do you feel when your kid brings back a girlfriend/boyfriend? How do you decide whether you like them or not?
What dire warning from your parents turned out to be bullshit?
What are some horrifying things to consider when thinking about aliens?
Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
At a party you meet drunken Elon Musk who hands you his phone with Twitter open, says "do your worst" and goes to the bathroom. What do you tweet?
Men with an anime girl as your profile picture, why?
You are now naked. How much trouble are you in?
Redditors who are married to Karens, how is it like?
Atheists of reddit, what is one thing you admire about religion? Religious people of reddit, what is one thing you admire about atheism?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
When someone close to you loses a loved one, what's better to say than "I'm sorry"?
What’s the best way to tell someone that their baby is ugly?
What is your "never again" brand, store, restaurant, or company?
The JFK Records Act of 1992 states that all government documents related to the Kennedy assassination be declassified on October 26, 2017. What would be the most surprising thing to find out?
If HBO's Chernobyl was a series with a new disaster every season, what event would you like to see covered?
What’s the most bullshit “fact” you can make up that sounds true?
What are some cool websites where you can download free stuff?
[Serious] People who have found a secret room or space in their house: How long did you live in the house before you found it and what was in it? What was the eventual outcome of finding the room?
What is your favorite thing in your 'SAVED' section?
They say love is blind. What other emotions have disabilities?
How was your day?
Deaf community of reddit, what are the stereotypical alcohol induced communication errors when signing with a drunk person?
What’s an irl version of a level 1 bad guy?
What if you suddenly feel a touch on the shoulder following with the words: "are you sleeping during my class?". You open your eyes and you are at your 7th grade math class, all of the life leading up to this point was just a dream and you are a 7th grader. What are your thoughts?
What do the rich buy that the poor don't even know is available for purchase?
What have you seen genuinely shitty people do that they thought was perfectly acceptable?
If cats had pockets what would you find in your cats pockets?
Ladies, just like leggings can very easily attract a guys attention, what is something guys wear that will attract your attention?
What would people take more seriously if it had a different name?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 19 billion chickens at any given time. If there was a chicken rebellion how would you prepare to fight off your 2.7 chickens (give or take a few)?
Your best friend is faking being asleep and you need them up. What do you say out loud to trick them into "waking up"?
People who sleep naked, what is your plan in case of a fire or murderer?
Fall damage is now disabled. What are you going to do with this new ability?
What do you genuinely not understand?
What really obvious thing have you only just realised?
You are about to lose your virginity, what is the worst thing you could say as soon as it's in?
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
You have 5 billion dollars to spend in the dumbest way possible, how do you spend it?
What is something about yourself that sounds totally made up but is 100% real?
What do people think is healthy but really isn’t?
For those who have witnessed a wedding objection during the "speak now or forever hold your peace" portion; what happened?
What movie was better than the book and why ?
What's the most strangely unique punishment you ever received as a kid? How bad was it?
What would happen if Facebook shut down and all its 1.2 billion users moved to Reddit?
Men of reddit, what NSFW male lifestyle hack can you share?
Would you support a mandatory environmental service for adults 18 - 30 ? Kind of like military service but instead of fighting you must spend a few months on reforestation projects or ocean cleanup ? Why or why not ?
When did your feeling about "Something is very wrong here." turned out to be true?
[Serious] What are some seemingly normal images with disturbing backstories?
Children of " I want to talk to your manager" parents, what has been your most embarassing experience?
What is the biggest everyday scam that people put up with?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?
People who can fall asleep within 8 seconds of their head hitting their pillow: how the fuck do you fall asleep within 8 seconds of your head hitting your pillow?
What movie was basically just an ad?
Teachers who regularly get invited to high school reunions, what are the most amazing transformations, common patterns, epic stories, saddest declines etc. you've seen through the years?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
Native english speakers, do you ever watch movies with subtitles even if the show is spoken in english? If yes, why?
Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be?
Professor Stephen Hawking has passed away at the age of 76
What is the best example of "just because you can, doesnt mean you should"?
[NSFW] Guys who actually bought the “you won’t last 5 minutes playing this game” game from the ads from porn, what was it? What happened? Was it a scam?
How do you control yourself when you are full of rage and want to keep calm?
Ladies of Reddit - what is the most sexiest thing an overweight gamer has done that made you immediately want to have sex with him/be his girlfriend?
People not from the western world. What's something Westerners eat that makes you wonder "Why the heck would you eat that!?"?
Its international mens day. Men of reddit, how are you today?
As of right now, what will it take to make you 100% happy?
What’s the adult version of “there is no Santa Claus”?
What was the dumbest thing you ever did to try and impress a girl or guy?
Americans of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise was typically American, until you went abroad?
What quote has always stuck with you?
People who downloaded their Google data and went through it, what were the most unsettling things you found out they had stored about you?
What is something you enjoyed as a kid, but hate as an adult?
What is your childhood memory that you thought was normal but realized it was traumatic later in your life?
Girls who took notes using 50 different colored pens, where are you now? Do you still continue to write using all those colors?
What is a true fact that sounds like a conspiracy theory?
If Covid-19 wasn’t dominating the news right now, what would be some of the biggest stories be right now?
You have to fight an exact copy of yourself to the death, how do you outsmart yourself?
What's the fastest you've ever gone from caring about someone to straight up loathing them?
What is that one fact you know that always makes people respond "And why the fuck do YOU know that"?
What is your favorite "holy crap this actually works" trick?
Parents who have disowned or genuinely stopped loving your child - what happened?
What's the biggest red flag when meeting new people?
What's a red flag when looking for a job?
What were some times when you died inside?
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
What fictional character do you feel bad for the most?
Columbine happened 20 years ago today. Redditors that were in High School at the time, what was the ensuing week like?
Students of Reddit: What is your best school life-hack?
VR now allows you to sell your experiences to others. Which memories would you put up for sale?
What's the equivalent of going to a White House dinner and being served McDonalds?
What's a random fact about you?
Bartenders of Reddit, what is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard because people assume sound doesn't travel over the bar?
Reddit, what is a wholesome, solitary activity that a person can do to help forget how awful and poor their current life is?
What felt like a useless piece of advice until you actually tried it?
People who separated/divorced within one year of getting married: When did you know it was a mistake?
People who had considered themselves "incels" (involuntary celibates) but have since had sex, how do you feel looking back at your previous self?
Suicide Prevention Megathread
People who are 40+ and happy with their life, what is your advice to people in their 20s?
What's the most fucked up shit you've walked into?
Men of Reddit, what are somethings a mom should know while raising a boy?
"Everyone needs 3 hobbies: one to keep you creative, one to keep you in shape, and one to make you money." What are yours?
You are physically incapable of ever lying again, but you get $10,000,000. Do you take it, and why or why not?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the scariest thing that you ever saw on the streets? [NSFW]
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
If “OK Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK Google” what sorts of answers would it give you to certain questions?
What are some things you’d only know by growing up poor?
What movies would be a lot shorter if the main character just did what the fuck they were told?
You're being interrogated and so far you've held strong. What song do they play on repeat that breaks you?
What was the worst thing that you did/said while being angry?
What’s a family secret you didn’t get told until you were older that made things finally make sense?
You are given a button that will make you very attractive ,but every Friday you turn into the opposite gender for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
If your username is the answer, what is the question?
[Serious] When did COVID-19 get real for you?
What's something in your room right now that most people probably dont have in theirs?
What only exists because humans are dumb?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
What's a non-sexual moment equivalent of an orgasm?
[Serious] Autistic people of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew about Autism?
Mattel releases a new version of Uno called "Fuck-You-No." It's like Uno, but there's a ton of new Special Cards, and all of them are designed to fuck over the next player. What are some of these special cards?
How do you tell if someone is attracted to you or just being very friendly?
Historians of reddit, what is the biggest 'fuck you' moment in history?
What's the fastest way to lose all of your friends?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool but actually has the opposite effect?
What is your strongest held opinion?
What "black market" did kids at your school run?
What is a survival myth that is completely wrong and could get you killed?
What's something that you've never learned to do?
[SERIOUS] Would you reduce your meat consumption if lab-grown meat or meat alternatives were cheaper and tasted good? Why or why not?
You are given a baby on your 21 first birthday, the child turns out to be you as a baby. Raising him won’t change your life, only his. How would you raise this child to give it a better life than the one you have?
Australian Bushfire Crisis
Driver's License testers- what's the worst thing a kid has done without batting an eye while taking the driving test?
What's a common saying that annoys you?
Autopsy doctors of Reddit, what was the biggest revelation you had to a person's death after you carried out the procedure?
Airplane pilots of Reddit, what was your biggest "We're all fucked up" moment that you survived and your passengers didn't notice?
What is your go-to never-fail joke?
What are some cheat codes you've found in the game of life?
What is one fact you know that will make other people respond with “and why the f**k do you know that?”
What strange thing did you find out about someone else that they thought was perfectly normal?
What are some stupid mentalities and mindsets that need to end?
Police officers of Reddit, who’s the smartest criminal you’ve ever encountered?
What can those who don’t live in Hong Kong do to support the protesters fighting for freedom?
How do you feel about a law stating that tickets (speeding, driving under influence etc.) should be a percentage of the perpetrators annual wage, instead of fixed rates?
People who had no sex education at all and had never ever seen the opposite sex's special parts, how'd you know how sex worked (if you did at all) and which parts were supposed to go where? How did your first time go?
Surgeons of reddit, what’s the weirdest object you’ve had to remove from someone’s butt?
Lawyers of Reddit, at what point ,when working for a defendant, did you realize, “My Client is a Monster!”?
What things should people never Google?
Women who “dated” older men as teenagers that now realize they were predators, what’s your story?
What unsolved mystery has absolutely no plausible explanation?
[Serious] What’s the scariest thing you’ve experienced that you have photo evidence of?
What screams "I'm very insecure"?
If immortality was granted to 1 million individuals worldwide, what would be a fair selection process?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you ever came across?
Would you support a remake of snakes on a plane where a bunch of innocent snakes are flying to their holiday destination when they realise a samuel l jackson has snuck aboard and plans to kill them all one by one? Why/why not?
What is, in your opinion, the biggest flaw of the human body?
People who posted their story on Reddit and the person in said story found it, how did it go?
Men of Reddit: Your penis now makes an audible sound when ejaculating, any sound of your choosing...what's your choice?
If someone offered you 500k lump sum to take Cold Showers and baths for the rest of your life.. would you do it and why?
What seems to be overrated, until you actually try it?
What makes a person boring?
How would you feel about a ‘None of the above’ option in elections. If that option wins, the election will be held again with new candidates?
You've been granted one wish by the Douchebag Genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording when making wishes to screw them over. What do you wish for?
What's the most awkward situation you've ever been in with a stranger?
What is your Tinder horror story?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing to happen to you when you’ve been home alone?
What is a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
If Trump was running against Trump, what would he tweet about his opponent?
Besides attacking McDonalds employees for sauce packets, whats the worst fan-boy meltdown you've seen in public?
High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
If someone says “I love you” but you’re not ready to say it back, how do you respond?
Doctors, whats it like when you get sick? Do you go to the doctor or diagnose yourself?
Which historical figure would be the most obnoxious Instagram "influencer"?
Your plan for world domination has succeeded! But instead of an evil overlord, you are a mildly infuriating overlord. What is the first law you pass to mildly infuriate everyone?
What is one thing you will never, ever do?
[Serious] Redditors who have been to therapy, what is the differences between going to a therapist and talking it out with someone you really trust?
In Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ultron goes into the internet for 5 seconds before realizing humanity can't be saved. What do you think he saw?
What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
What's a fun little fact about yourself?
What slang can us older relatives use tonight to embarrass the teenagers while opening presents?
What's something you've gotten away with as a kid because "they're young and don't know what they're doing!" when really you knew exactly what you were doing?
What is extremely rare but people think it’s very common?
What is something you spend a ton of money on that the vast majority of people never would?
Who is the most overrated person in history?
What's the most kind/beautiful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
What game is easy to learn but also very satisfying to play?
If there was a company that did historical tours via time travel, what trips would be in high demand?
What bot accounts on reddit should people know about?
What's a problem of yours that would be solved if someone just gave you $5000?
Besides eating cereal with water what is the most outrageous "eating sin" you have ever witnessed?
You will get $10 million cash but Samuel L Jackson will be there to shout "motherfucker" for every dollar you spend, will you be happy? And Why?
Redditors who grew up with shady/criminal parents: What did your mom or dad teach you was OK to do that you later learned was illegal or seriously frowned upon? (Serious)
All You can eat buffet workers what are your horror stories?
What do you do when you start to miss somebody who is dead?
The year is 2030 and President Dwayne Johnson is impeached. What led to these events?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?
Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
What is an odd behaviour of yours you think only you do?
What is the HARDEST to answer "Would You Rather" that you have heard?
We are nearly 1/3rd of the way into 2020, how is your New Year’s resolution holding up?
There are many well known habits people know they should never get into; drugs, drinking, gambling, etc... What are some less well known things or habits that people shouldn't get into?
What are some psychology experiments with interesting results?
What are some recent scientific breakthroughs/discoveries that aren’t getting enough attention?
Actors who were selected for a role described as ugly, how did that part feel to play?
What's a secret you won't share with anyone in person, but you are willing to share anonymously?
You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. Do you accept? And what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?
Reddit, what is a legendary comment thread that everyone should read?
[Serious] Fans who have been engrossed in a fictional universe so much you could probably earn a degree about it, what plot holes, logical inconsistencies, and the like cannot be reconciled and bother you to no end?
Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
What's way more dangerous than most people think?
When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
What is one of the dumbest things you've done when your brain was on "auto-pilot"?
What do you think buzzfeed employees worked on while reddit was down yesterday?
What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?
If you could get $100 per jerk-off for life, or get $1 mil for 1 time, which would you choose and why?
Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient "I've seen it all before" to comfort them, but really you had never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
What is the stupidest way you've injured yourself?
what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?
What is something that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
What are some decent paying jobs you can get if you were a C student in highschool?
Police Officers of Reddit, what are you thinking when you see cases like George Floyd?
People who have made friends outside of work and school, how on earth did you do that?
what are good reasons to live?
[serious] What was your biggest ‘we need to leave... Now!’ moment?
How would you feel about a show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook?
What was your scariest "A second later and I would've died" moment?
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
What was a sketchy cheap buy, that ended up being one of your best purchases?
If games like Grand Theft Auto cause violence and the board game Monopoly causes Capitalist exploitation, what problems do other popular games cause?
[Serious] Drug dealers of Reddit, have you ever called CPS on a client? If so, what's the story?
PSA: You did not win a gift card
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
To the people who have keyboard clicking sounds on their phone, what’s your reasoning for not turning it off?
What’s the most amazing thing about the universe?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some underrated games do you think more people should play?
What innocent question that someone asked you, crushed you a little?
Redditors who rage quit a job without thinking, what was the last straw?
What innocent search turned out to be porn ?
You are given a brick and told to sell it for $1000. If you succeed you get $1million. You cannot tell anyone your goal. What is your plan?
What's something horrible you've witnessed as a child but did not completely understand, only to discover later in life how horrible it really was?
You have 30 minutes to hide a USB drive in your house. Your house will then be raided by police, detectives and some FBI agents all searching for the USB. Where do you hide it so that it won’t be found?
What do you regret finding out?
You time-travel from the year 2018 to 2020. You go outside and see everything closed and the streets empty. What's your reaction ? What do you assume happened ?
As a mental health worker or someone affected by mental health issues, what is one thing you would want to say to educate people about mental health and to lessen the stigma and shame surrounding it?
What was sexy 10 years ago but isn't now?
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
People who grew up in third-world countries, what was the biggest shock for you when moving into a developed country?
Straight people of Reddit, when and how did you realize that you like the opposite sex?
Which is the worst single decision in history ever made by a person?
Adults of reddit who were depressed kids or teens, what is it like to be here when you didn't expect to make it this far? What would you tell your younger self if you could?
What are some of the most toxic or potentially dangerous ideas/beliefs that have been perpetuated by Redditors?
If you had the entire world's attention for 30 seconds, what would you say?
What is something super important that is on the verge of happening?
Introverts of Reddit what social interaction makes your “battery” down to 0% immediately?
What movie things are generally accepted as normal, but are totally unrealistic in real life?
What’s something that you like, but hate the fan base?
What’s a simple thing someone can do to better their life?
Shy/introverted people of Reddit: what is the furthest you’ve ever gone to avoid human interaction?
What is something your partner has done during sex that completely ruined it for you?
We are now less than 45 days from April Fool's Day. What 'long con' pranks should be started around now?
What is the weirdest thing you've heard or had happen to you while using a public restroom? [NSFW]
You're given the option to drop what you have and return to 12/31/2011 as yourself at that age, but with the extra 8 years of experience. Do you take it? Why or why not?
You get $1,000,000 however, it's because $100 is taken from 10,000 random people. If nobody knows that you got the money, would you do it, why/why not?
What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
Multilinguals, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
What's a really awkward situation that everyone can relate with?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
If youtube was shutting down its website and they gave you one last chance to watch a single video, what would it be?
Bartenders of Reddit, what’s an underrated drink more people should try?
What are some fun things to do around with your SO at home that isn’t sex?
What is currently happening that is scaring you?
If 0 is entirely evil and 100 is entirely good, what number are you? Why?
What did you think you were really good at until you saw someone who was *actually* really good at it?
What is a question you posted on AskReddit you really wanted to know but wasn't upvoted enough to be answered?
What are we all missing right now, because it gets overshadowed by Corona Virus news?
Rule 34 states "If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions." What is something that you're pretty confident is an exception?
What has this pandemic ruined for you?
What’s an unexpectedly well-paid job?
What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
Bar staff of Reddit, have you ever had a man use the “safeword drink” escape, and how often does it happen?
You are sent back to the day the titanic set sail with nothing but a 3rd class ticket (and food water ect) your task is to stop the titanic from sinking, how do you do this?
What's the rudest thing a guest has ever done in your home?
What's your 'fuck this, I quit!' story?
What is the longest 5 minutes you have ever experienced?
What did you find out about your friends sex life that actually shocked you?
Which fictional character did you fall for?
What did a school teacher say that stuck with you?
There's a quote of Philip K. Dick that says: “There exists, for everyone, a sentence - a series of words - that has the power to destroy you". Which sentence is it for you?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the best 'gotcha moment' you ever experienced?
You can make everyone follow one rule you make, what is it?
(NSFW) What's the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about?
You can fill a pool with anything you want (money, gold, coins, anything valuable really), but you must jump into it from 10 meters (~33 feet) and survive in order to keep what you filled it in with. What would you fill the pool up with?
Do you think a baby centaur would suck on the horse nipples or the human nipples? Why?
What's the best advice you've ever received for making a sandwich better?
What's one of the dumbest things you've ever spent money on?
What is the most Bullshit reason for a teacher to give you a bad grade ?
People who have actually had sex with a step relative, what was the aftermath?
Redditors who lived in countries that no longer exist (Like Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia...etc) What was it like to see your country breakup?
[SERIOUS] What is a seemingly harmless parenting mistake that will majorly fuck up a child later in life?
What is an important piece of advice you can give for those moving into the “real world”?
What's a rule that was implemented somewhere, that massively backfired?
What's your best "Fire me, I fucking dare you" moment from work?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's free?
People who are / have been homeless, what was the first night without a home like, and how did you adapt to your new situation?
Depressed people of Reddit, what's your go-to "I want to wallow in my melancholy" song?
Arm amputees of Reddit, is sleeping on your side more or less comfortable now? Why?
[Serious] Americans, would you be in support of putting a law in place that government officials, such as senators and the president, go without pay during shutdowns like this while other federal employees do? Why, or why not?
What's an American problem you're too European to understand?
You are offered $1,000,000 USD if you can hide a pair of car keys from the entirety of the FBI force for 7 days. Where do you hide the keys?
[Serious] Parents who have adopted a older child (5 and up), how has it gone for you? Do you regret it or would you recommend other parents considering adoption look into a older child?
Hey Reddit, what's the strangest coincidence you've ever personally experienced?
Which basic knowledge did you totally forget for a moment?
Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what is the most insane (evil, funny, dumb) way a spouse has tried to screw the other?
What weird things happen during sex that nobody warns you about?
What's the worst case of "rich kid syndrome" you've seen?
What screams "I'm not a good person" ?
What old insults need to make a comeback?
There is a well known saying that goes "Always give the hardest job to the laziest person because they will find the easiest way to do it" what is the best real-life example to this you have seen?
What is something that your parents did that you swore never to repeat to your own kids?
What are some tips for someone with no fighting experience to win in a fight?
Men of reddit who proposed and she said no, what happened afterwards with your life?
Have you ever bumped into your cat outside of your house in the neighborhood? How was the interaction?
How do you think the world would react if a major political leader, (like Trump, the Queen, or Kim Jong-un,) died of Covid-19?
What celebrity did bad things but everyone "forgot" what they did because they're famous?
What’s the most fucked up thing the US government has done?
Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
Redditors who were dating someone that went from "I think I want to marry this person" to "I think I need a restraining order", what happened?
What was your "ah shit, here we go again" moment?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve seen a grown-ass adult get angry over?
What is the scariest message alliens contacting us from deep space would tell to freak us out?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What's a delicious poor man's meal?
If you had the option to give up sleeping in exchange for never feeling tired again, would you do it? Why or why not?
Without saying the title, what’s your favorite video game?
If your reddit username would predict the way you die, how will it happen?
What’s a real fact that some people don’t want to accept?
What will the first reddit post that reaches 1 million upvotes be about?
Whats acceptable to have to explain to a child, but unacceptable to have to explain to a adult?
Fellow Americans, How would you feel about eliminating tipping in exchange for providing a livable wage for the service industry?
People who pooped on the bathroom floor in highschool, why?
Your SO turn out to be 3000 year old ultimate lifeform capable of shapeshifting. How would you react to that reveal?
Divorce Lawyers of Reddit, what's the most outrageous reason someone filed for divorce?
What's the creepiest place you've been?
Which propaganda effort was so successful, people still believe it today?
Photographers of Reddit: What is the most outrageous photo shoot request you have received from an Instagram "influencer"?
Has anyone ever given a "nice guy" a chance after they've thrown a tantrum because you didn't let them treat you like a queen? And if you did, how did it work out?
People who were born deaf but gained hearing later in life, what objects did you expect to make noise?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
Married men of reddit: what was that dumb thing you did during your dating phase that you can’t believe your wife ended up overlooking?
Etymologists of Reddit, what is the coolest origin of a word? Entomologist of Reddit, what's your best bug fact?
What are some underrated combinations?
What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
What hobby would you like to give a try but don't because of the expense?
Philadelphia is considering opening a site where drug users can go to legally use drugs. They would be monitored by medical professionals who would administer anti-overdose medication as needed. Medical professionals, how would you feel about having this job?
Since Donald Trump has been President of the United States, what negative impacts has him being president caused you personally?
What are the spookiest audio or video clips on the internet?
What tastes so good you can’t believe it’s healthy?
What is the craziest encounter of 'rich kid syndrome' that you have experienced?
A British charity that helps victims of forced marriage recommends hiding a spoon in your underwear if your family is forcing you fly back to your old country, so that you get a chance to talk to authorities after metal detector goes off - have you or anyone else you know done this &amp; how did it go?
Which cancelled tv show do you wish would come back?
What everyday household items are actually way more dangerous than we give them credit for?
Non-Americans who have been to the US: What is the weirdest thing about America that Americans don't realise is weird?
Generally calm people of Reddit, what made you lose your absolute shit that time?
What is something in YOUR life that is SUPER FUCKING AWESOME?
Husbands and wives that got divorced after 20 years of marriage, what made you decide to change your mind after all that time?
What totally obvious scam do people still fall for?
What is a fun game you play in your head to kill time?
If sexual experiences were like trading cards what would be your rarest card?
[Breaking News] Orlando Nightclub mass-shooting.
[Serious] What new jobs/industries can we create to work from home and keep the economy stimulated during these difficult times?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is a detail that your client failed to bring up to you that completely lost you the case?
Professors and university employees of Reddit, what behind-the-scenes campus drama went on that students never knew about?
If you were given a device that could show you everyone who has ever had a crush on you without your knowledge, would you use it? Why or why not?
Daughters of reddit, what is something you wish your father knew about girls when you were growing up?
What was the dumbest thing you thought as a child?
Tomorrow you wake up to find yourself in the year 2005. You are your younger self at this period in time, but you have all the knowledge of the skills you learned as well as the events that happen over the next decade and a half. What is your course of action?
What's the scariest space fact/mystery in your opinion?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
What’s the most “are you really that stupid” thing you’ve ever heard ?
Doctors who have been in an “is anybody here a doctor?” situation, what happened?
To those that live in Italy, how is the situation right now with coronavirus and lockdown?
Whats a proper response to "what's up?"
If a genie grants you the opportunity to ejaculate $50 in cash instead of sperm every time you cum for the rest of your life meaning you can't have any more children, would you accept? Why, why not?
What is the most extreme misuse of an everyday item you have ever witnessed?
What video games have you spent countless hours on and said to your self "wow, i really got my money's worth out of this game" ?
Redditors with good eyesight, what is it like to be able to watch your haircuts in progress?
[Serious] What is stopping you from killing yourself?
What is a movie that after you finished watching it, you went "Oh shit" then went back and watched it again to pick up on everything you missed?
What fetish will you keep a secret from the people you know IRL?
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates?
What film role was 100% perfectly cast?
What's your favourite 'angry' song?
What foods are absolutely delicious, but are a pain in the ass to eat?
What’s the most “I’m turning into my parents” moment for you?
skyscraper window cleaners of reddit, what is most bizarre thing you’ve ever seen on the job?
What fucked up thing did you do as a kid?
People who can speak multiple languages: what language do you think in?
What conspiracy theories do you think are too logical to ignore?
Lawyers, What's a law that isn't real that normal people insist exists?
Couples who have moved in together, what surprised you most about living with a male/female?
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something that you wish everyone knew about their body?
What is the dumbest idea you have ever had that actually worked?
Men of reddit, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
Which book should a depressed person absolutely have to read?
What do you use to remind yourself that everything isn't that bad?
Sometimes cheap and expensive items are the same thing with the only difference being the brand name. What are some examples of this?
Teacher's of Reddit. What's the coolest thing you've confiscated of a child?
If, instead of rebooting movies, it became a trend to retell them from a different characters perspective, what film would you want to see retold and from who’s point of view?
What subreddits do you feel were great in concept but never got the attention they deserved, and why?
Imagine having a reverse Yelp where we rate customers on their attitudes, manners, and how well they tip. What review would you leave?
What would be included in a Premium version of sleep?
What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
What is your 2018 video game recommendation of the year?
Long Haul Truckers: What's the creepiest/most paranormal thing you've seen on the road at night?
[Serious]What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
People of Reddit, are you aware of the YouTube channels who take screenshots of popular Reddit posts, put a text to speech voice over on them and get millions of views? If so, what are your opinions on them?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the biggest story in your country right now?
Right from *now* your need for sleep is gone. You can now stay awake till your eventual death without any consequences. How would the extra time (that you get from not sleeping) affect your life?
The last text you sent is what you scream when you're about to cum. What is it?
A new dating app is launched. Instead of a photo of the person, it shows you a photo of their bedroom, car, kitchen, shoes, how they have their tea/coffee, things like that... what photo would tell you the most about someone, and would you be most interested to see to choose a potential date?
people who donate a lot of money to streamers, whats your job? why are you so generous?
What should teenagers these days really start paying attention to as they’re about to turn 18?
What “words of wisdom” have always stuck with you?
Hunters of Reddit, what did you see out there that made you not want to go back into the woods?
Students of Reddit, have you ever lost your temper with a teacher? What's your story?
Men of reddit, what myth about men is 100% untrue and infuriates you when you hear it ?
[Serious]Have you ever known someone who wholeheartedly believed that they were wolfkin/a vampire/an elf/had special powers, and couldn't handle the reality that they weren't when confronted? What happened to them?
What is the most memorable moment you shared with a stranger who you never saw again?
What has been your biggest fuck-up leading up to this point in life?
Tomorrow is the 17 year anniversary of the terror attacks of September 11th, 2001. Where were you that day?
Depressed, suicidal, or otherwise extremely downtrodden members of reddit: what is your go-to quote, phrase, or particular memory in life that keeps you going?
The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react?
What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
When Hermione talked about Amortentia - the love potion - she said that it smells different to each person, according to what attracts them. Hers smelt like freshly mown grass, new parchment &amp; spearmint toothpaste. What do you think yours would smell like?
You've invented a new alarm clock called the "Rude Awakening." What does it do?
Nurses of psych wards, what did a patient do that left you speechless?
Redditors with thin walls, what have you heard in your apartment?
Should the USA place a "fat tax" on sugary drinks and junk food to combat obesity why or why not?
It has now been 6969 days since the year 2000. How will you celebrate this monumental day?
If you were given the chance to start your life over at age 10 right now, but still retain all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
What conspiracy theory do you believe to be true? What evidence led you to this conclusion?
Those who have been or currently are in the Foster Care System, what do you wish people knew?
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
What healthy food tastes just as good as unhealthy food?
When is quantity better than quality?
What's a thing you strongly dislike about Reddit?
What do you want for Christmas?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever fallen asleep?
How do you ruin a funeral by bringing only 1 item?
What was your biggest "shit, no going back now" moment?
What is something that is expensive, but only owned by poor people?
What's the best way to pass the time at a boring desk job?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've accidentally shown someone, or something they accidentally saw while using your phone or computer?
If you caught your partner "sexting" would you consider it cheating? Would it break the trust? Why or why not?
People who pile on generic YouTube comments like “Who’s watching in 2019”, why do you do this?
What do you think is scarier, the idea that we are alone in the universe or the idea that we aren’t? Why?
What are things from the early days of the internet that you don’t see much of anymore?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit who have delivered babies to mothers who clearly cheated on their husbands, what was that like?
If a premium version of sleep were to exist, what features would it include?
What are some common "facts" that people believe to be true even if the existing evidence states the contrary?
We hear a lot about the unethical companies of the world. What are some of the more ethical companies out there that we should be supporting?
When did the popular kid’s life fall apart in a few seconds?
Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this?
What are some good first date questions to get to know someone?
[Serious] Whats the creepiest/scariest thing that you've seen but no one believes you?
How can you describe your legal, legitimate job so it sounds illegal or sketchy?
McDonald's discontinues the Happy Meal and intruduces the Angry Meal. What kind of food and toys are in it?
What foods can a teenager cook for his parents to help their depression?
Have you ever felt you don't know/have forgotten who you really are? That you've spent years just adapting to surroundings to make life easier and don't know what's the real you anymore? If so, how did you overcome this?
What “common sense” is actually wrong?
Military People of Reddit, Area 51 guards, how do you feel about the September 20th Raid?
What's the best kept secret on the Internet?
Ex-cons of Reddit: What was the hardest prison-habit to break after being released?
People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
What brands or companies are actually evil?
Bank tellers of reddit: What is your plan if someone sends bees through the tube?
Did you ever snoop through your parents things as a child and absolutely regret what you found to this day? What was it and it they ever find out? NSFW
Winston Churchill famously said “You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they’ve tried everything else.” What are some good examples that prove OR disprove this quote’s accuracy?
Out of the 7.7 billion people on Earth, what do you think no one is doing right now?
Girls, what was the most obvious hint you dropped, and the guy just didn't get it?
With the adage "nothing is ever deleted from the Internet" in mind, what is something you HAVE seen vanish from the net?
What song is 10/10, yet hardly anyone has heard of it?
What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
[Serious] If you had taken your life one year ago, what beautiful things would you have had missed out on?
Do you think landlords should be open to being lenient on rent in a crisis like this (pending proof of lack of employment)? Why/why not?
Because of an epidemic Earth is going back into the Middle Ages. Only 1% of the population is still alive, and there's no electricity. What skills or items do you have to help you survive the longest?
What’s something the internet killed that you miss?
Older generations of Reddit, who were the "I don't use computers" people of your time?
Marriage/engagement photographers/videographers of Reddit, have you developed a sixth sense for which marriages will flourish and which will not? What are the green and red flags?
How could 2020 possibly get worse?
You're at a job interview. You get the "what is your biggest weakness?" question. What is your answer?
If you could go back in time 10,000 years ago and make a cave painting to confuse everyone in the future; what would you draw?
Identical twins of reddit who own a pet after living seperately; what was your pet's reaction when it saw two owners?
People who lost their job due to this crisis what is your story?
What's a good website to waste a whole night on?
What would 12 yr old you think of how you are now?
What's the worst defense you've seen someone make in a court?
Dear Karens and Kyles of reddit, how has your life changed since your name became a meme?
What is the one story you want to tell, that you can never fit into a conversation?
What 2000s song will always be a banger?
Parents of reddit, what is most fucked up secret you are hiding from your children?
What brand are you loyal to and why?
How would you feel if the only thing we knew about presidential candidates was their stance on issues...no information on party, name, gender, race, or religious beliefs (or lack thereof)?
Now that the 2010s decade is ending, which trends are the most regrettable?
Rich people of reddit who married someone significantly poorer, what surprised you about their (previous) way of life?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent illogical breakdown they’ve had?
Were you ever that 1 in 1,000,000? If so, what's your story?
What’s an invention that’s still around today but has lost sight of its original purpose?
Zeus has decided that Olympus feels a little empty, so he’s recruited some new gods. However, due to a clerical error, you have been chosen as a new member of the divine. What are you the god of, and what do you do as your first godly act?
Lord of the rings is rated PG-13 and is allowed one f bomb. Where would you put it?
What 'cinema sin' is the most irritating, that filmmakers need to stop committing immediately?
It's 69 days until 4/20/20. How do you feel?
God is retiring, and asks you to permanently replace him. What is the first thing you do as the new God?
You are given 300 million to make a movie but it HAS to bomb at the box office or else you die. What do you make?
What was the best moment you've seen where the real world hit a spoiled rich kid?
What are some of the BEST choices, you've made in your life?
[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
What was a house rule you had as a kid that you thought was completely normal until you grew up and realized not all households followed?
People who actually used a pen from start until it lost ink without losing them. How the hell did you do it?
If Jeff Bezos decided to share his fortune with everyone on the planet, what would you do with your $17.50?
On April 1st everyone gets a text on their phone saying “April Fools! Sorry about the beginning of the year, let’s retry that” and we get sent back to January 1st 2020, what’s the first thing humanity should do?
Redditors who live in Wyoming.. why?
People who voted for Clinton in 2016 but are intending to vote for Trump in 2020 what made you change your mind?
If you were offered immortality, but everytime moonlight shined on you, you'd be a walking skeleton, would you accept it? if so, why?
What do you need a compliment on that would make your day better?
People no longer bound by their non disclosure agreements, what can you now disclose?
People sentenced in the 80s-2000s what modern world change shocked you the most?
If 13 year old you made a time machine and came to visit you today for 24 hours, what would you do with them?
What 90s song will always be a banger?
What is considered cute when done by a kid but illegal when done by an adult?
What is the stupidest question on this sub that you have seen get super successful?
Mall Santas of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a kid asked for Christmas?
Sign language Users of reddit. What is a common sign you see people do without being aware they are doing it?
What are some good internet Rabbit Holes to fall into during this time of quarantine?
What’s the worst LEGAL thing you can do?
What’s a tip that everyone should know which might one day save their life?
What movie was so funny you laughed out loud in the theater?
You have just been cheated out of $1000 for a stupid brick. How do you take revenge?
You have died and find that instead of going to heaven, you've only leveled up to Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better but not quite heaven?
Rather than eating a family size bag of Doritos in 20 minutes, what are some healthy snack alternatives that can be consumed in large amounts?
What is an adult problem you were not prepared for?
What part of being an adult were you absolutely not prepared for?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys the hell out of you?
(Serious) The UK has left the European Union, if you voted Brexit, why? How will it benefit you personally?
What’s a "Let that sink in" fun fact?
What YouTube channel is great to binge?
What is your absolutely favorite quote you've heard?
What's the worst coworker you've ever worked with?
What common product has a feature you’re not sure everyone is aware of?
Today is Danny Devito’s 75th birthday, How should Reddit celebrate and What will our gift be to him?
What is something that has aged well?
The closest orange object is the cause of your death - how do you die?
Redditors who have tried to hide on your cruise when it ended so that you could stay on the ship for the next round, how did that go?
78% of suicide rates world wide are men, what can we do to help them?
Coders of Reddit, how do you politely refuse your friend's 'million dollars app idea'?
Russians of reddit, what is the older generations opinion on the USSR?
Reddit, what are some fun things to do on New Year’s Eve if you’re not a big party goer/under 21?
Medical workers of Reddit, what were the most haunting last words you’ve heard from a patient?
African Proverb Says "The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel the warmth" What time in your life have you been closest to starting the fire?
Would you continue to be vegan if you had to grow every single vegetable you wanted to eat? Why or why not?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve witnessed at a funeral?
Married couples who sleep in separate rooms, why do you do this?
You have been appointed Gosh, God's assistant for smaller, less serious everyday business. What are some of your policies and if neccessary, how do you explain them to/conceal them from your boss?
A witch puts a curse on you, every time you fart everyone hears the sound effect of your choosing— Redditors, what sound do you choose?
You're a reverse robber. You break into peoples home and leave stuff to confuse families. What things do you leave?
Every character played by the same actor is now a part of one continuous story. Which actor has the best story arc?
Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
What’s going on on the non-English parts of the internet that we’re all missing out on?
Why do you like to be alive?
If real life was a videogame, what would be some loading screen tips?
J.K. Rowling originally wanted to make Harry visit all four Hogwarts House common room, but couldn't think of a valid reason to visit the Hufflepuff common room. If you were Rowling, what valid situation would you make where Harry had to visit the Hufflepuff common room? Why?
People getting off planes in Hawaii immediately get a lei. If this same tradition applied to the rest of the U.S., what would each state immediately give to visitors?
Have you ever woke up in the middle of a dream and the dream was so interesting that you wanted to go back to sleep to see the end of it? If so, what was the dream?
What do you know about your workplace that you are not supposed to know?
Would you take a 50/50 chance at $5,000,000 or death? Why or why not?
How would you feel about a Star Wars TV show directed like "The Office" that takes place in the Death Star?
what character had the best character arc?
Adults of reddit, what is something you should have mastered by now, but failed to do so?
People living in small towns, what’s the recent scandal?
Other than doing the homework while the teacher is collecting it, what’s an “extreme sport”?
Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old
What could the U.S.A. have spent $1,000,000,000,000 on instead of a 17 year-long war in Afghanistan?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore?
Chocolate is now illegal. What’s its street name?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, have anyone actualy jumped into your taxi and screamed "Follow that car!!"? If Yes, what happened?
If the headline "Celebrity outed as serial killer" appeared, who would you expect it to be about?
What is the pettiest, silliest, most meaningless hill you are willing to die on?
Which Celebrity gives you the quickest boner once you look at them?
People who work at a ball pen factory, what does it feel like to immerse your hand into a bucket of ball pen balls?
People of r/AskReddit, why do you keep asking sex questions every 5 minutes?
With all the talk about walking out of Holmes and Watson, what movies have you walked out on?
Einstein said “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” How would you explain your job?
Which subreddit has steered the furthest from its original course?
what are the downsides of weed that people don't talk about ?
You've been arrested by the police, you can call any fictional lawyer character you want as your attorney, who do you call?
People who made an impulse decision when they found out Hawaii was going to be nuked, what did you do and do you regret it?
Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still alive"?
What fact is ignored generously?
What is the most hurtful thing a medical professional has ever said to you?
If instead of rebooting movies, retelling them from a different point of view became popular, which movie would you like retold?
It's almost 2020, what futurist thing did you seriously think we'd have by now?
How’s life so far? You need a reddit hug?
What the f**k are you supposed to do when having happy birthday sung to you?
(Serious) People who have survived a murder attempt (by dumb luck) whats your story?
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was your “oh shit” moment in court?
What would your 13 year old self think of you now?
What movie did you start watching then said "Fuck this, I'm not finishing this"?
What’s a suitable punishment for people who litter in national parks?
If you could pick between $100,000 tomorrow or $1,000,000 in ten years, what would you pick and why?
Admins of Reddit, what's your favorite subreddit?
If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
You're Stan, Satan's half-wit brother. Satan is taking a week of vacation and leaving you in charge. What kind of fucked-up quasi-punishments do you issue while Satan's out?
What's your favourite book you've read and why?
What is a good starter video game for a middle aged man who has never really played before?
Redditers who sort by new, how do you know it's a banger when you see it?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
You've just finished having sex, what do you say to make it awkward?
Men of reddit, what the heck do you want for your birthday?
What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?
If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
If "retirement" in the future means you donate your body and organs at age 40 but will be kept alive artificially in a perfectly simulated environment where you live worry-free, would you do it? Why or why not?
At this point in 2020, if you looked in the sky tomorrow and saw a big ass death star looking mother, what do you think your first thought would be?
What is the most useless fact you know?
Guys of reddit, what can us girls do to make you feel special?
What's the worst thing to say to the person next to you in a urinal?
What’s something you’re glad your friend introduced you to?
If "Bullshit" means fake and "Batshit" means crazy what do the other "shits" of the animal kingdom mean?
What's a place easy to enter, but hard to exit?
If you were a bender and could manipulate one of the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) which one would you choose and why?
People who have been in a coma, what was it like from your perspective? Did you know you were in a coma?
You wake up 2 hours late for work. Would you still go? Why/why not?
What is the greatest "fuck it, I'll do it myself" in history?
What did a fictional character say that stuck with you?
You’ve been granted immortality. You’re a minimum wage worker with a useless degree and crippling student debt. What’s your immortal life plan?
What is your mom's catchphrase?
When someone tells you a "man walks into a bar" joke, do you always imagine the same bar? If so what does it look like?
What is something that you are NEVER FUCKING BUYING AGAIN?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the best excuse for being late that turned out to be true?
What's the "went through med school just to realize you couldn't stand the sight of blood" of your job field?
What is something that makes you say "Man, I f***ing hate people"?
What is the scariest thing you’ve ever seen while driving at night?
What question did you post on askreddit that you still want answers to because it got barely any responses?
Mike Bloomberg supporters: why?
You have to cook one dish for Gordon Ramsey. If he doesn't like it, you will die. What dish do you cook for him?
On the birth of your child, a demon appears and says, "Your child will be extraordinarily attractive, you shall receive $1 billion if they are a virgin at age 25, otherwise your soul and theirs will be mine". You cannot inform your child of any aspect of the deal. What is your plan?
What fact is common knowledge to people who work in your field, but almost unknown to the rest of the population?
Disney theme park characters - have there been situations where you had to break character? What was the reason? Consequences?
People who were alive then, what were you doing December 31st 1999 ?
What fictional character do you absolutely hate?
People who shoved their school papers in their backpack with no binder/folder etc, Where are you now?
What innocent item gets suspicious if you own too much of it?
What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
You get 24 hours to prepare, and you get paid $10,000 to stay in your room for an entire week with no internet/data connection/television. Can't leave. Do you do it? And if so, what do you do in the meantime?
What product immediately becomes scarier when you put "military grade" in front of it?
What are red flags in a friendship most people brush away?
What movie hit you the hardest, emotionally speaking?
What’s a sign that somebody wasn’t raised right?
If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
What is dangerous to forget?
It’s the year 2050 and the term “ok millennial” is trending. What are the reasons the young generation is using it?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the biggest case of "faking it" you've ever seen?
Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
In May 2018, Jeff Bezos made around $191,000 a minute. If you were given his bank card, and given 10 hours to spend, how would you ensure that when you gave the card back his balance had decreased from when you received it?
What’s something people misunderstand way too often?
Elon Musk has announced he is opening a human zoo. You would be paid two million dollars per year to live in a clear exhibit on display. Would you sign up? Why/Why not?
You get a billion dollars if you can start a massive argument at your family's Thanksgiving dinner. What's your game plan?
What's the harsh reality no one accepts?
What are some NOT fun facts?
What is an underrated website everyone should know about?
What is something that really freaks you out on an existential level?
People who honk in traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?
What shouldn't exist, but does?
You wake up in Kim Jong Un's body. You can speak and understand Korean. Without getting assassinated by your commanders, how do you transition North Korea and its people from an Orwellian state of despair to a prosperous nation so you can then ride your fame to launch your career in music?
Why don’t you do the things you know you should be doing?
What is your "I wish I had started doing that earlier in my life"?
What is the best movie quote you have ever heard?
What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
What TV Show has the best Pilot episode?
What's the fastest you've seen a crowd go from excited to horrified?
Pansexuals of Reddit, what is your favorite type of pan to cook with and why?
What fictional character could someone say "Oh yeah, they're my role model!" about that would make you slowly back away?
What is your favorite dead meme?
Redditors who cook, whats the biggest 'no no' thing in cooking?
A wizard is selling potions but the good ones are all too expensive, which potions would you find in the discount bin?
"Normal" redditors that dated a celebrity, what was it like?
In 2019, Pornhub released statistics that showed step porn is trending downwards worldwide, but hentai is rising, especially in Russia. How can we use this information to foster world peace?
What's not as bad as everyone says?
When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened?
What industry is a lot shadier than it seems?
Americans of reddit, what is your opinion on switching to the metric system?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve heard a person say aloud in public?
You get one wish, but 70% of the entire population also gets exactly what you wished for. What’s the wish?
Doctors of reddit, whats your’Thank god they came in for a second opinion’ moment?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
What was "the incident" in your high school?
How would you feel if bathrooms were organized by pee or poop rather than gender?
Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
Which movie title becomes the most ridiculous when you add “vs. Predator” to the end of it?
What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
To every redditor who feels lonely: Hi, how was your day?
Have you ever quit a job, without another lined up, for you mental health? How did it turn out?
What are some lesser-known secondary uses for an everyday product?
What are some of the most disturbing Wikipedia pages to read?
What are some REALLY REALLY weird subreddits?
Teachers of reddit, what is the smartest/most creative way of cheating that you've seen?
What's a quote that has just "stuck with you?"
Which deceased person, if brought back to life, would be the most surprised to learn they became famous posthumously?
What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
What very realistic event could happen to make 2020 even worse?
AskReddit has hit 25,000,000 subscribers! (insert party parrots here)
For people who keep asking AskReddit why you up-vote posts but don't answer the questions, why do you do this?
What is your mom's catch phrase?
Logically, morally, humanely, what should be free but isn't?
People who watch security cameras for a living, what creepy things have you tried to forget?
What is your opinion on the moon?
If you could get the real-ass answer to any question or mystery in the world, what would you want to know?
Someone once said "Everyone sees the world in a different way; so when someone dies, it is - in a way - the death of an entire world." So, Reddit. . . what unique world will die with you?
What was your "Oh shit my life is over my parents are gonna kill me" moment you had as a child/teen?
To all of those actually named Chad, Stacy, or Karen, how does it make you feel knowing that your names are used as insults?
What's the best way to ruin a perfectly good bout of depression?
You’re given immortality but the cost is being sent back 2000 years. Would you accept and what would you do?
Teachers of Reddit, what are some positive trends you have noticed in today's youth?
If you woke up tomorrow and were able to move things with your mind, how would you use this ability?
What's the best way to waste $100?
What is most useless item you carry with you all the time?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
[Serious] What can the international community do to help the teens in Bangladesh against the ongoing government killings and oppression?
[Serious] lawyers, what's a case you regretted winning ?
What folklore creature do you think really exists?
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?
What is an adult life equivalent of calling your teacher "mom"?
What small thing makes you automatically distrust someone?
What food made you think how the frick did our ancestors found out this was edible?
What is a great YouTube channel to binge watch?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
How would you feel about a law requiring parents that receive child support to supply the court with proof of how the child support money is being spent?
In America, names like John and Mary are known as common names. What are the "John" and "Mary" names of other countries?
I can’t breathe. Black lives matter.
Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
What is normal in your country but seems weird to the rest of the world?
Jesus said “he who lives by the sword dies by the sword” and he was a carpenter who died nailed to a piece of wood. By this logic, how would you die?
People who can express themselves clearly and make themselves understood whenever you open your mouth: How the hell do you do that?
Men of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to women?
Let's pretend violent video games teach you to use a gun to kill people. What other skills have you inconspicuously picked up playing video games?
What is a great quote you heard in a porno?
What is a movie you find terrible but critics seem to love?
What are some red flags for teachers that scream "drop this class immediately?"
Gamers of Reddit what are some good quotes from video games?
Confucius once said “We all have two lives, the second one starts when you realise you only have one”. When and why did your second life begin?
What is a hobby that requires little to no money?
What’s something that gets an unnecessary amount of hate?
What made you ghost a friend?
What highly illegal thing took place at your high school?
You're Satan and your goal is to torment Gordon Ramsay. What food would you serve him?
What was normal to have in 2010 but not 2020?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him?
How do you tell a depressed friend or partner that you don’t have the mental resources to listen to them be depressed anymore, without coming across as a massive asshole?
What is something most people need to hear but no one has the guts to tell people?
Parents who knock on their kids' doors and then immediately open it anyway, what's your thought process?
Hey Reddit, When did your “Somethings not right here” gut Feeling ever save you?
What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
What actor is the most guilty of playing the same exact character in every film?
Of all movie opening scenes, what one sold the entire film the most?
What drug did you take once and thought “nope, never again”?
What’s the worst thing Neil Armstrong could’ve said when he stepped on the moon?
What’s something weird/funny/embarrassing you’ve done on Auto Pilot?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
You go on a first date with someone, what habit or characteristic is a deal breaker?
Hey, Reddit, those of you with partners who talk in their sleep; what is the creepiest/weirdest/or most random thing they've said?
What is a song lyric that really hits you hard?
What song did you fall in love with not because of the original, but because of a cover?
What’s an insult that sounds like a compliment?
Users who upvote questions but don’t answer them: Why?
Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
If authors 'covered' novels, the way musicians cover songs, which covered novel would you be most excited to read?
What is something you did that increased your quality of life so much that you wished you would have done it much sooner because it changed your life forever?
If you were a villain and could choose any animal to fight by your side, what animal would you choose and why?
What harmful things are being taught to children?
Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?
What actor/actress instantly ruins a movie for you?
People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?
If someone borrowed your body for a week, what quirks would you tell them about so they are prepared?
What are some “guy secrets” girls don’t know about?
How would you feel about a high school class called "Therapy" where kids are taught how to set boundaries and deal with their emotions in a healthy manner?
What kind of teenage bullshit probably happened at Hogwarts that wasn’t mentioned in the Harry Potter books?
What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
Redditors who have eaten at the Times Square Olive Garden, why?
Redditors who are married to someone with an identical twin: what are your feelings towards that twin?
For people who like to listen to full albums, what are your favorite albums to binge?
What quote from a video game stuck with you?
What's the best/scariest/most interesting 'internet rabbithole' you have found?
Lawyers of Reddit, what’s the worst way you’ve seen a person screw over someone else in court whether it be criminal, civil, or divorce proceedings?
Redditors, who are not in love with their SOs, why are you still with them?
You've been granted the power to bless people with minor conveniences. How do you make their lives slightly better?
People in stock photos, what's the weirdest way you've seen your photos being used?
What only exists because of people’s stupidity?
What common item has a feature that most people do not know?
Redditors with SOs who talk in their sleep, what is the creepiest thing they've said?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened after?
If you got to pick one video game that you would live in for the rest of your life, what game would you pick and why?
When someone says "I miss you" and you don't miss them, what do you reply?
Zookeepers of Reddit, how are the animals acting differently now that there are no visitors to the zoo?
What’s the one horror movie that genuinely terrified you while watching it?
What is the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
The Pope slapped a woman on day 1 of 2020, world war III is trending on day 2, what will happen on day 3?
What is the best video game for couples to play?
What exists for the sole purpose of pissing people off?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
What golden nugget of information do you have to share?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch at least once?
For people who don't answer anything, why are you up-voting a post but not answering the post ?
Why do you like to be alone?
The first picture of a Black Hole will be revealed next week, what do you think it will look like?
There's a room in your house where time doesn't flow. You could stay in there for as long as you could possibly want, and not a second will have passed outside that room. What would you use this room for?
Do you ever look at yourself one day and think you are hot as shit, but the next day comes and you've become Quasimodo. Why do you think this happens?
What a good tv series that can pass the time in, let’s say.... 14 days?
[Serious] Redditors who were the final people to see a missing person, have they been found? And how has their disappearance affected you?
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
What part of your Personality do you Fake?
How would you feel about different types of nsfw tags like Gore and sexual nsfw?
When you sneeze and someone says "bless you", you gain the "blessed" status buff for the next 20 minutes. What does it do?
What awesome holiday gift did you get someone that you can’t tell them about yet but want to brag about?
What movie could have been over in 10 minutes, if the main character wasn't such a dumb ass?
People whose first relationship was very long term, what weird thing did you believe was normal until you started seeing other people?
What is the most useful Windows keyboard shortcut you think everyone should know?
Trevor Noah once said "America is 50 countries masquerading as one" do you think this is true or false if so why?
What's a genuine question you have that Google can't seem to answer but maybe somebody on Reddit can?
If scientists invented a teleportation system but the death rate was 1 in 5 million would you use it? Why or why not?
Instead of giving presents, Santa now puts things that you lost, or were stolen from you, under the tree. What would you be the most excited to see under the tree?
People who post NSFW pics on Reddit, have you even been approached by a "fan", if so how did it go?
Should men receive paternal leave with the same pay and duration as women receive with maternal leave, why or why not?
What do you wish you had in high school that kids have today?
It's 50 days to a new decade! What were your best moments of this decade?
Dog owners of Reddit: Would you cut of 5 years of your own life and give these to your dog? If so, why?
How long do you think it will be until a reddit post hits 1 million upvotes for the first time? And what will the post be?
What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful ?
Is “dude” a gender neutral word? If not, what are some gender neutral alternatives?
If we have casual sex, that means that ranked competitive sex exists. What are the different ways you can earn points or multipliers?
What are some study tips for high school students who are struggling and want to improve?
Which conspiracy theory do you believe is true?
Non drinkers of Reddit, what do you tell people when they ask "why don't you drink"?
What collection did you have as a child that would have been worth a fortune now had your parents not thrown it away?
Do you think that women should be free to walk around topless in public places, just as men can? Why?/why not?
What do you think is the single greatest photograph in history?
Cosplayers, what’s one cosplay you will never do again and why?
What is something perfectly legal that feels illegal?
Cops of reddit, what’s the most bullshit sounding excuse you got that actually turned out to be true?
What are some of the most interesting 24/7 live-streaming webcams to watch from around the world?
For those with office jobs, what little touches have you added to make your desk a little more pleasant?
Men of reddit when was the last time you've cried and why?
You have the ability to do absolutely nothing for extremely long period of time. What is a way you can make Money out of it ?
What was a huge trend that everyone forgot about?
What is something about your country you're actually really proud of?
George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” What real life example have you seen that validates this view?
“There is a new restaurant called Karma. It doesn’t have a menu. You just get what you deserve.” - so what are you getting?
[Serious] Should elderly people be forced to take tests regarding their motor vehicle operating abilities and mental fitness and get their motor vehicle license(s) revoked if they fail the test(s)? Why/why not?
Every “#1 Dad” mug now changes everyday to show the actual rankings of Dads around the world. Why does YOUR Dad deserve the #1 spot?
What movie death scene is seared into your memory?
What's your creepiest "glitch in the matrix" or unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
People who have signed NDAs that have now expired or for whatever reason are no longer valid. What couldn't you tell us but now can?
What is the greatest design fuck up of the human body?
What is the most "worth it" item you have ever purchased?
You get to have sex with the Woman/Man of your dreams. However, there is press conference after discussing your performance. Do you do it, why or why not?
Redditors who clean up crime scenes - what's the most bizarre thing you've witnessed?
What’s a little thing you do to make the world a better place?
What is a unique “game” you played as a child?
How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub?
You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
Certain foods have a “correct” way of eating them. What are some wrong ways to eat those foods?
Albert Einstein once said "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." What was your moment when someone judged you like that?
What's a really cheap item you can buy that can make you look incredibly rich?
What’s something $100 or less but is a total game changer? [serious]
You choose a superpower, but every time you activate it you turn into a pig. What is it?
[Serious] What are some of the biggest mistakes people can make in their 20s?
What should people stop buying?
[serious] When was a time you legitimately thought you were going to die?
What is the fastest way a room of happy people turned sour you’ve witnessed?
“Free Candy” is often joked about being written on the side of sketchy white vans to lure children in. As an adult, what phrase would have to be written on there for you to hop on in?
What are some huge GREEN flags that are often overlooked?
What is an essential, not-so-obvious skill in life?
Storm Area 51 is just one week away. What's a harmless way they could "stop us all"?
Pizza delivery drivers of reddit, what was the most fucked up place you’ve ever stopped at?
What is the most effective psychological “trick” you use?
Because trees have been around for millions of years, insects like beetles and moths literally look like sticks and leaves in order to blend themselves from predators. How long do you think it will take for insects to look like man-made objects, and what object will it be? Any thoughts?
What is an unexplainable memory from your childhood?
What "you know what, just to be safe..." thing you did ended up saving your ass later?
What job exists because we are stupid ?
What is the best animated movie and why?
What is something that you could practice for 1 hour max every day, for an entire year and by the end of the year you'd be an expert in?
What would happen if everyone you’ve ever masturbated to were in the same room?
Does life actually get better? How do you come back/get better from being lonely and extremely depressed? How do you create meaningful relationships when you are so screwed up?
People who work in Human Resources, what is the weirdest shit you have seen?
What movie do you consider “perfect”?
Redditors who add onto an elaborate fantasy world/story while falling asleep, what is the story?
What movie fucked you up mentally?
People who fetishized a city or country, like NYC or Japan, and then actually took a leap of faith to move there, how has your opinion changed since?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
God has become tired of humanity, recently retired and left you in charge. Do you leave the rules exactly as they currently are and if not, what changes will you be making?
Parents of Reddit, what is the best "weird flex but ok" moment you've seen from your child?
What book fucked you up mentally?
What did you not understand as a kid, but you now understand as an adult?
What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once?
You must die in next 48 hours. If you get a Darwin award, you will be reincarnated. How will you die?
Males of Reddit who give birthday blowjobs to their best friends as a gift, when did you start this tradition and how did you find about it and what happened?
What's that one product that is completely worth your money?
What’s an unfun fact?
Multilingual Redditors, What is your "They didn't realize I spoke their language" story?
What the weirdest thing you did while you were high?
What is the best loophole that you've ever found?
If you got offered $1,000,000 USD but every time you spend it you sneeze for every dollar you spend, would you take it? Why or why not?
What’s the most fun you can have with $20?
What is the worst thing you have done because you got confused between items in different hands?
Tattoo artists, what pieces are you tired of doing?