Since 2020 is going down as one of the worst years in modern human history. What was considered a really good year?
What are the best first words to say for the first woman to walk on the moon?
If you got offered $1,000,000 USD but every time you spend it you sneeze for every dollar you spend, would you take it? Why or why not?
What food made you think how the frick did our ancestors found out this was edible?
What is your favorite beverage?
What’s the best comeback to “You’re a walking advert for abortion”?
Engineers of Reddit — why did you choose Engineering?
What is the most bizarre fun fact you know?
What’s something you love about yourself?
Married couples who sleep in separate rooms, why do you do this?
Men of reddit when was the last time you've cried and why?
What is the scariest message alliens contacting us from deep space would tell to freak us out?
People getting off planes in Hawaii immediately get a lei. If this same tradition applied to the rest of the U.S., what would each state immediately give to visitors?
What are mind blowing facts about time travel?
Dog owners of Reddit: Would you cut of 5 years of your own life and give these to your dog? If so, why?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is a detail that your client failed to bring up to you that completely lost you the case?
Do you kick your pets out of the room when you masturbate? Why or why not?
Forget remaking animated movies into live action, what movie would you want to have an animated makeover?
Redditors, what is your earliest memory?
People who can express themselves clearly and make themselves understood whenever you open your mouth: How the hell do you do that?
What is the best memory you can recall?
Imagine having a reverse Yelp where we rate customers on their attitudes, manners, and how well they tip. What review would you leave?
What crazy story have you heard from someone than sounds unbelievable at first, but soon found out to be true?
Teachers, what are your least favorite types of students?
What are some AMAZING movies that you never hear any body talking about?
What is a not so fun fact?
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
The JFK Records Act of 1992 states that all government documents related to the Kennedy assassination be declassified on October 26, 2017. What would be the most surprising thing to find out?
Did you ever have a friend who some people don't like and you just now realise why they don't like them?
What's the one thing you are the best at?
What really obvious thing have you only just realised?
People who can fall asleep within 8 seconds of their head hitting their pillow: how the fuck do you fall asleep within 8 seconds of your head hitting your pillow?
Doctors, what do you think when a patient offers their own suggestion as to what their diagnosis might be?
People who don’t save more then once in games, why do you live life on the edge?
A wizard is selling potions but the good ones are all too expensive, which potions would you find in the discount bin?
What is both very essential in our lives but also very dangerous?
To all of those actually named Chad, Stacy, or Karen, how does it make you feel knowing that your names are used as insults?
People who have signed NDAs that have now expired or for whatever reason are no longer valid. What couldn't you tell us but now can?
What’s the worst way someone has tried to “Comfort” you?
[Serious] How do you comfort someone in pain (not just physical)?
What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?
Who was your first crush?
What’s the biggest ‘fuck you’ way you’ve seen someone quit a job?
Americans of Reddit why are you still not using the metric system?
What song are you listening to right now?
What do you think is the most quotable movie ever made?
What is something that you own that you hope you never need to use?
Your username is the new slogan for a company. What does that company specialize in?
What was the most incorrect thing a teacher has taught you?
What foods are absolutely delicious, but are a pain in the ass to eat?
How do you get to know someone without constantly asking questions?
Men of reddit, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
Consumers of Reddit, What is something a business will do that will instantly turn you away from doing business with them?
Parents of reddit: How do you feel when your kid brings back a girlfriend/boyfriend? How do you decide whether you like them or not?
Because trees have been around for millions of years, insects like beetles and moths literally look like sticks and leaves in order to blend themselves from predators. How long do you think it will take for insects to look like man-made objects, and what object will it be? Any thoughts?
Police Officers of Reddit, what made you want to be a cop?
What’s an everyday illusion more people should be aware of?
Porn stars of reddit, what does NSFW mean to you? Is it SFW? Just work?
[Serious] What is something happened to you that no one believes but it’s actually real?
What brought you to Reddit (rather than another social media)?
If your Employer gave you the option to work 10 hour days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hour days Mon- Friday would you do it? Why not?
Adult children of very lenient parents, do you wish your parents were more strict when you were young and what do you wish they had done differently?
What’s the most fucked up thing the US government has done?
A stranger becomes you for 24 hours, what is one question they would ask you when the 24 hours is up?
What’s the scariest fact you wish you never knew?
What technology could disappear overnight and go unnoticed?
McDonalds now sells Sad Meals. What items would you find in them?
Gamers of Reddit what are some good quotes from video games?
Who do you think is the most hated YouTuber?
How does someone politely end a conversation with a person who won't stop talking?
What can you wear to a costume party that is innocent, but has a backstory that will get it cancelled eventually?
Logically, morally, humanely, what should be free but isn't?
[Serious] Have you ever accidentally come across a reddit post that was about you or someone you know? if so, how did that go?
People in US particularly of Seattle What's the hell is going on with CHAZ?
Doctors who have been in an “is anybody here a doctor?” situation, what happened?
What is your "I fucking hate that song" song?
What is considered cute when done by a kid but illegal when done by an adult?
What movies are so bad they’re enjoyable?
What's a fact about you that sounds completely unbelievable?
What's your favourite book you've read and why?
What is the direction to the North?
Animals of Reddit, what do you think of humans?
People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
When did a gut feeling save your life and possibly others?
What human language would bees speak?
Why do you like to be alive?
What song makes you cry like a baby each time you hear it?
What's the most useless thing you own?
Deaf people of reddit, how do you think? Do you hear someone talking in your mind?
What do you think would happen if George Floyd was White? Do you think they would suffocate the white man?
What was a life lesson you learned the hard way?
What is one cartoon that did not deserve to be canceled?
If N. Korea remade Hollywood movies with Kim Jong-Un as the lead, what would be the best movie?
“Free Candy” is often joked about being written on the side of sketchy white vans to lure children in. As an adult, what phrase would have to be written on there for you to hop on in?
What are some widespread ‘common’ facts that are not true?
What’s the weirdest or stupidest reason you’ve been banned from somewhere?
People who don't use google as their primary search engine, what do you use and why do you choose it over google?
What is the most creepy/unnerving experience that's ever happened to you? (Serious)
[SERIOUS] What is the story behind one of your scars?
What was the most successful prank you’ve ever pulled?
what made you think your school scammed you?
What part of your Personality do you Fake?
What are your best quarantine pick up lines?
What's the biggest lie you've heard about college?
What is your favorite fair/carnival ride?
Do you believe life will get 100% back to normal after pandemic? If no, why?
What makes you angry?
In what ways has Reddit affected your life?
What was the story behind your first kiss?
What animal would you like to become if you could choose and why?
What's the best way to respond to "fuck you"?
Some say life is like a box of chocolates. So what is life to you?
The President mistakenly declares Martian Law, instead of Martial Law. What powers does he think he has under Martian Law?
Who is the most overrated person in history?
What’s something you started saying ironically, but now say unironically all the time?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
How many hours do you sleep?
What memorable thing happened at your home during the lockdown?
What would happen if everyone you’ve ever masturbated to were in the same room?
What’s something $100 or less but is a total game changer? [serious]
What is something everyone can agree is a dick move?
Do you take Libertarians seriously? Why or why not?
What's the creepiest place you've been?
When is 4 seconds too long?
What do you do when you wake up in the middle of the night ?
Are you happy with your life right now? Why/why not?
What only exists because of people’s stupidity?
How did your good friend became your best friend?
You're tired from the human race, so you decide to help an advanced alien civilization destroy the Earth, what tips would you give them?
What are some signs of a dying group chat?
If your username is the answer, what's the question?
What is an opinion you once held that was proven completely wrong?
What Videogame do you have the most hours on?
What is the one story you want to tell, that you can never fit into a conversation?
What is the best kind of bread?
What is a skill that is seemingly useless, but actually has many real-world uses?
What are some interesting, creative internet sites?
What are red flags in a friendship most people brush away?
People who have flown before 9/11 happened, how does the experience differ from now? And what was your reaction to the change?
What lie did your parent/s tell you that you believed until you were older?
What meal did you cook that went horribly wrong and what did you do to recover it?
[Serious] What is the most terrifying sound or noise to you?
Men of reddit, what's a thing that can be scary about being a man?
What are the worst things to say to someone during sex?
What will ruin your day if you google it?
Which villain do you feel sympathy for?
What is ALWAYS a bad idea?
What movie had the best unexpected ending ?
What's extremely difficult to stop once started?
What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
What helps you go to sleep when you don't feel tired?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened while you were driving a vehicle?
How do you get under a younger brother’s skin?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve put in your microwave?
So who actually deserves a statue?
If you drink a 12 pack of beer every day for a month, and keep your job, you get a million dollars. What's your strategy?
What can bystanders do to prevent another George Floyd incident?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What names are too human to name an animal?
What would a "Mac vs. PC" commercial talk about today?
What's the harsh reality no one accepts?
Rather than eating a family size bag of Doritos in 20 minutes, what are some healthy snack alternatives that can be consumed in large amounts?
When is the last time you have cried, and what was is about?
People who get upset at the thought of their husband/wife remarrying after their death, why does this upset you?
Black cops, how are you all handling this?
What is a sexual fetish that you "just don't get"?
What is a question you posted on AskReddit you really wanted to know but wasn't upvoted enough to be answered?
You can make everyone follow one rule you make, what is it?
What was your reaction the first time someone called you "sir" or "ma'am"?
If your username was your future, where would you be in 10 years?
What's a first date tip that could save you a lot of embarrassment?
What’s a simple thing someone can do to better their life?
What is the longest 5 minutes you have ever experienced?
What type of smirk/face do you like to do under your face mask?
What video game from your childhood deserves a chance in the spotlight again?
What is a food that you hate but you really want to like?
What's your one guess which turned out to be perfectly correct?
“There is a new restaurant called Karma. It doesn’t have a menu. You just get what you deserve.” - so what are you getting?
What Star Wars planet would you want to go to the most?
How would your brain perceive a situation where you took both of your eyes balls out of their sockets and pointed them at each other?
Religious people of reddit, why is it common practice to refer to God as a “him” (not to be sexist or whatever), but wouldn’t it make more sense that God is not of either gender?
How’s life so far? You need a reddit hug?
What do you like about yourself?
Doctors of reddit, whats your’Thank god they came in for a second opinion’ moment?
Redditors, when did "trusting your gut" backfire?
You are about to lose your virginity, what is the worst thing you could say as soon as it's in?
What is truly the most annoying sound in the world?
How do you cope with sadness?
What song lyrics you wished you didn't understood because the lyrics dilutes the greatness of the music in it?
People who had covid-19 or know someone who did how bad was it?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
[Serious] Americans, would you be in support of putting a law in place that government officials, such as senators and the president, go without pay during shutdowns like this while other federal employees do? Why, or why not?
If life was a video game, what are your current stats?
What’s your loneliest experience?
People of Reddit who have sex, it's 100% right that if women wants an abortion she should be able to have one but is it right that if a father doesn't want a child he has to pay child support for 18 years?
Past or present, who is the most universally beloved person in the world?
People who had no sex education at all and had never ever seen the opposite sex's special parts, how'd you know how sex worked (if you did at all) and which parts were supposed to go where? How did your first time go?
What’s going on on the non-English parts of the internet that we’re all missing out on?
You have 10 seconds to make a convincing fake fact. What do you come up with?
What's the greatest effort you've put into pretending not to like something that you like?
What’s the stupidest thing you were forced to do?
Which famous movie quote will always be timeless and always be relevant?
What are we all a prisoner of?
What was your dream job as a kid? Do you have it now? If yes, do you enjoy it?
You suddenly appear on the stage of America’s Got Talent. 1,000 people are clapping and cheering. The crowd goes silent, and Simon Cowell tells you to start. What talent do you perform?
The last person you googled is now stuck with you in a room for the week. How f****d or lucky are you?
(Serious) What is something that traumatized you as a kid?
You have a super power but the first to reply chooses a catch. What’s your power?
What's the scariest dream you can remember?
Have you ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked?
what are some insecurities of the opposite gender that you think they shouldn't be insecure about ?
Ex smokers, any tips on how to quit?
People who ask questions that you know perfectly damn well have already been asked, why?
How did you you ignore the two "yous"?
Girls, has a guy failed to notice your obvious hints, if so what's your story?
What's the best present you ever received? Who gave it to you and why was it so special?
What are some things that are fun to play with, but not to eat?
Calm people of Reddit, how to break you?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
When Hermione talked about Amortentia - the love potion - she said that it smells different to each person, according to what attracts them. Hers smelt like freshly mown grass, new parchment &amp; spearmint toothpaste. What do you think yours would smell like?
What can we do to help the people of Yemen and other war stricken places out of our homes? [Serious]
What fucked up thing did you do as a kid?
What's the worst thing that happened to you on your birthday?
What if 9/11 never happened?
Fire FIghters of reddit whats the dumbest person you had to save in a stupid situation?
Redditors who remarried an ex spouse, why did you divorce and how did you get back together?
To all the people who are lonely,Hi.How are you doing?
What would you personally do with infinite money?
You are in prison and need to escape, you only have what is within ten feet of you irl to use, how would you escape?
What do you do to make a living, but make it scary?
Very attractive people of Reddit, how has your life changed while wearing a mask?
Multilingual Redditors, What is your "They didn't realize I spoke their language" story?
To all male and female redditors alike, how is it perverted to tickle a female?
You just got an offer for $600K...but to collect it, you gotta have sex with the main character of the last tv show you watched. Who will it be?
What’s the most “are you really that stupid” thing you’ve ever heard ?
What did your doctor get wrong?
How do you get rid of grudges?
[Serious] What are some giveaway signs not to trust someone?
Have you ever had a dream in which someone taught you something you did not know? If so, what was the dream, and what were you taught?
Parents of Reddit, what "why?" Has your toddler thrown you that even Google couldn't answer?
What is the greatest design fuck up of the human body?
If a genie grants you the opportunity to ejaculate $50 in cash instead of sperm every time you cum for the rest of your life meaning you can't have any more children, would you accept? Why, why not?
What common item has a feature that most people do not know?
What TV Show has the best Pilot episode?
What do you think about joining a cult that offers free cookies, tacos every Tuesday and you get to keep your genitalia, you would also not have to have sex with the master unless you wanted to?
What is a cool feature about you that you haven't really seen that much in other people?
Storm Area 51 is just one week away. What's a harmless way they could "stop us all"?
People who work in Human Resources, what is the weirdest shit you have seen?
God gives you a call and tells you that you are now in charge of 2020. What do you do?
Blind people of reddit who have done acid, what did you see?
What is something people think is healthy but isn’t?
whats the angriest you've even gotten?
What's something that used to be illegal but now isn't?
What sequel are you still waiting for even after all these years?
[Serious]Have you ever known someone who wholeheartedly believed that they were wolfkin/a vampire/an elf/had special powers, and couldn't handle the reality that they weren't when confronted? What happened to them?
What’s a little-known but obvious fact that will immediately make all of us feel stupid?
What fictional character would be the worst to have sex with?
What do you think about when you look up at the night sky?
What slogans should the top brands have if they were brutally honest?
Dear people who listen to music without headphones in public spaces. Why do you do it ?
[Serious] US Soldiers of Reddit: What do you believe or understand the Kurdish reaction to be regarding the president's decision to remove troops from the area, both from a perspective toward US leaders specifically, and towards the US in general?
[Serious] People who have had a family member murdered, how did you deal with it?
What’s the WORST response you can give to someone who just told you “I love you”, for the first time?
Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
If you got to pick one video game that you would live in for the rest of your life, what game would you pick and why?
What was the saddest example of someone desperate for clout?
You have the ability to do absolutely nothing for extremely long period of time. What is a way you can make Money out of it ?
Starting from January 12th 2020, doors will become illegal. That means all existing doors will be removed regardless of their purpose. What do you do now?
Mike Bloomberg supporters: why?
All of a sudden, everyone on the planet is no longer able to lie. What happens next to our world and society?
For the few that have actually read any terms and conditions, what sneaky things have you found?
People who live outside the US, what do you think of what’s currently going on in the US?
Which 80s cartoon had the best opening there song?
What’s a very disturbing fact that almost no one knows?
Which celebrity death hit you the hardest?
What's something you did or said years ago that everyone's probably forgotten about, but you can't stop occasionally still thinking about it and feeling that self-cringe?
If you had the power to delete someone's entire existence, who would you pick?
you are now a Demon, what does one need to do to summon you?
What movie was basically just an ad?
If you actually go to a paradise after you die, but the paradise automatically is set up in a way which will be the absolute maximum best and pleasing experience for you, how would your paradise be like?
For those who have used it since the year it launched (1991), what was the internet like in the first 3-4 years of its existence?
If Covid-19 wasn’t dominating the news right now, what would be some of the biggest stories be right now?
What are you good at, but hate doing?
[serious] What is a cool history fact you know?
If life was a video game, what would be some loading screen tips?
What’s the most fun you can have with $20?
Former racists, what's your story?
What is the worst time to get a boner?
What is the strangest compliment you've received?
People with lots of freckles, what comments do you get about it?
What is your most effective method for reducing your anxiety and how did you learn it?
Hitler’s moustache might’ve been used a lot before it was associated with him. What other hairstyles/beards/staches were doomed by a fictional or historical character?
What are some of the best DSLRs as good as the Nikon D3100 at the same price range or at a bit higher price range?
What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful ?
Dads of Reddit, when was the last time you actually needed a cable from that box of random cables that you have?
If School was a game, what would be some loading screen tips ?
What’s rewarding about being an adult?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool but actually has the opposite effect?
If you could be somewhere else right now, where would you be?
You are given 300 million to make a movie but it HAS to bomb at the box office or else you die. What do you make?
What is one tv show you want back on the air?
what is the most beautiful painting you ever seen ?
What is a movie that made you cry?
What is your mom's catch phrase?
Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?
People who pooped on the bathroom floor in highschool, why?
Confucius once said “We all have two lives, the second one starts when you realise you only have one”. When and why did your second life begin?
What are some underrated combinations?
You've just finished having sex, what do you say to make it awkward?
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
What’s a reliable news source?
What innocent search turned out to be porn ?
Why when your already sad you listen to a sad song to make you sadder?
What is something you have seen/done that doesn't seem morally right, but is 100% legal?
Honestly, why does everyone hate Tik Tok?
What's something horrible you've witnessed as a child but did not completely understand, only to discover later in life how horrible it really was?
What is something you’ve lost but didn’t realize until years later?
What would you be if you were a car?
When someone is described as “average looking”, what do you think that really means?
What thing is not accepted to talk about in US?
Who's your favorite comedian and why?
[Serious] People who lived through the LA Riots in the 1990s, what similarities/differences do you see with the riots across the nation today?
How would you feel about a high school class called "Therapy" where kids are taught how to set boundaries and deal with their emotions in a healthy manner?
What made the ‘weird kid’ at your school weird?
Adult children of helicopter parents, how do you deal with them now?
What is a lie you were told as a child that you fully believed for too long?
If you had the option to give up sleeping in exchange for never feeling tired again, would you do it? Why or why not?
Redditors who left Scientology, why did you leave?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
What lie do you repeatedly tell yourself?
What all digital monthly subscriptions are absolutely worth it?
What is your favorite one hit wonder?
What's something really cool that the human body does that we take for granted?
What is your favorite movie/show about racism? [Serious]
When was the moment when you actually acted as dumb as horror movie characters?
Which movie has the best opening five minutes?
What should one do in their 20s to avoid regrets in their 30s or 40s?
For those who use dating sites/apps like Okcupid or Tinder, how would you feel about an app that made you match based purely on a profile and compatibility questions, after which you could see pictures of the person?
What do blind people experience whilst on hallucinogenic drugs?
Trike owners, why not just add a fourth wheel and drive a Miata?
Trump's birthday is June 14, how would you get him to tweet 'Worst Birthday Ever!' ?
How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub?
How would you describe the feeling of being hungry?
Do you like hugs? Why?
Those with fulfilling careers - what do you do, how did you decide what you wanted to do, and what the requirements for this career path?
which subreddit do you regret the most seeing? and why?
What's the dumbest reason you got in trouble at school?
What’s something you didn’t realize how expensive it was until you had to start buying it yourself?
What is something you've never heard anyone say ever?
Is part of the reason people sometimes get along with their pets better than people is that people don't feel competitive with animals, but do with other people? Why or why not?
How do you tell your friends you have autism?
[Serious] What do you think about bringing a young child along to participate in a protest?
How do you know when a relationship is over?
You get one wish, but 70% of the entire population also gets exactly what you wished for. What’s the wish?
How can you describe your legal, legitimate job so it sounds illegal or sketchy?
If you could time travel, what is one musical performance you would make sure to see live?
Therapists of Reddit, what were some stories told to you by patients that are interesting?
What's a grocery item that you'll only buy from a specific brand, regardless of price, because it's the absolute best in its category?
what is a book/movie you wish had a fandom?
What is the most interesting sex story that you have heard ?
What was your dream, realistic or not, when you were a kid ?
If you had the entire world's attention for 30 seconds, what would you say?
People of reddit how do you feel about communism?
Philadelphia is considering opening a site where drug users can go to legally use drugs. They would be monitored by medical professionals who would administer anti-overdose medication as needed. Medical professionals, how would you feel about having this job?
If you were transported 200 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
Atheists of reddit,what made you become an atheist?
You wake up one day in the year 2000 but your phone and internet is still at the year 2020 what do you use this for and why?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing a parent complained about?
What screams "pretending to be upper class"?
What conspiracy theory do you believe to be true? What evidence led you to this conclusion?
(Serious) Veterinarians, what's the worst condition you've seen a animal in, that was caused by owners holding onto to a life that needed to be put down long before?
What fashion trends need to make a comeback? Why?
People who’ve caught Covid during quarantine, what was your mistake? [serious]
What's a random fact about you?
whats your favourite drug?
You are the captain of a small crew who protect the timeline from malicious time travelers. Who are your crew mates?
Reddit, what are your financial horror stories?
Is it cool when someone calls you "nerd" or "geek"?
If you were told when you die, you have the option to re-spawn but with none of your possessions. Would you choose to re-spawn? Why or why not?
Whats a joke so stupid that it funny?
(NSFW) People of Reddit who have gone to prison or jail, which person in there did you feel the most sorry for? Why?
What is your "I wish I had started doing that earlier in my life"?
Which is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
What experience did you have in a foreign country that made you say "I'm not going back to this place again"?
Dear Karens and Kyles of reddit, how has your life changed since your name became a meme?
What do you think is the proper way to eat a cinnamon roll?
What screams scientifically illiterate?
[Serious] Travelers of lonely roads, explorers of the great outdoors, workers of creepy jobs and late-night shifts... What's your scary story?
Which fictional character would you like to spend 24hrs with?
What do you think sex was like back in medieval times? What about cavemen times?
The last TV show is now a crossover with the last video game you played. What's playing?
What movie title describes your sex life?
why upload speed is always lower than download speed?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve witnessed at a funeral?
[Serious] Does staying off social media improve your mental health? Why or why not?
Introverts of reddit, what makes you come out of your shell?
On a first date with your dream man/woman, what would they need to do to make you completely lose interest?
What have you unintentionally set on fire?
Would you like a second Noah's Flood? Why?
What is your "This person has no idea how the real world works" moment?
[NSFW] What happens in real life sex that you never see in porn ?
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
Couples who have moved in together, what surprised you most about living with a male/female?
Which movie of our generation will live on to become a 'classic' for future generations?
If you could bring life to one inanimate object just so you could kill it, what would you choose?
What's the most fucked up shit you've walked into?
What's that one song which you could listen for months and it'd still be new because one of your most beautiful memory is attached to it?
The porn industry wants to start turning historical events into adult films, what are some of the titles they come up with?
Multilinguals, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
What is a question you wish people wouldn’t ask you?
Who is the actor or celebrity in general that you can’t even watch or listen to without cringing?
People who get songs stuck in their heads, what song is stuck in your head right now?
We're about 3 months into the wave of online meetings. What embarrassing moments have you witnessed?
What are some of the best way to masturbate?
What's a noise the just disturbs you to the core?
What’s something you won’t ever do again after Covid-19?
If you had to pick one fast food restaurant to be the only one to exist, what would it be?
What would be included in a Premium version of sleep?
What’s the most depressing movie you’ve seen?
People that have a Carpeted Bathroom, why?
How would you feel if bathrooms were organized by pee or poop rather than gender?
Those who worked at airports, what is the strangest thing you have seen in peoples luggage?
What was sexy 10 years ago but isn't now?
U are now immune to fall damage, what will u do?
Your username represents what happens in July 2020. How fucked is the world?
What is your childhood memory that you thought was normal but realized it was traumatic later in your life?
What’s an unfun fact?
If you had to choose only two colors to see for the rest of your life what would they be?
What's your most memorable movie line?
Redditors who live in countries with raccoons; What are they really like?
What is the most hilariously inaccurate 'fact' someone has told you?
What are two things that don’t go together?
What is the spice of life?
What's your funniest misheard lyrics of a song?
What do you regret finding out?
What's your favorite food that's been discontinued?
What thing do you Google more than you should ?
If countries are people, would you like to hangout with your own country? Why?
What is something you enjoyed as a kid, but hate as an adult?
What's something made worse by being naked?
Men of Reddit: Your penis now makes an audible sound when ejaculating, any sound of your choosing...what's your choice?
You get to captain a pirate ship but have to name your ship after your biggest regret. What are you calling your vessel?
What is the most compelling example against “a few bad apples spoil the bunch”?
What is something that is hard to learn but easy to master?
What‘s stopping you huh?
What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke?
Instead of a batmobile, you get a blyatmobile. What are some features of your new car?
What are some unwritten rules of Reddit?
If someone held a gun up to your head and asked you to spell a word correctly or die, what’s the word you would die from?
What do you think about the theory about vitruallity of reality ?
What if Google was a dating site and it matched people based on their search histories?
What was the "please stop" school presentation that you witnessed?
What makes you say"Ah shit here we go again"?
Uni students of Reddit, what is the biggest "FuckYou" that your University gave during Covid?
What screams "I'm poor but pretending to be rich"?
We are now less than 45 days from April Fool's Day. What 'long con' pranks should be started around now?
What’s a "Let that sink in" fun fact?
How many "chugga's" do you need to say before you feel you can add 'Choo Choo'?
So, why haven't you told your crush how you feel?
Men of reddit, what compliment would you like to hear more often ?
In 2019, Pornhub released statistics that showed step porn is trending downwards worldwide, but hentai is rising, especially in Russia. How can we use this information to foster world peace?
Out of 7.7 billion people on the Earth,what do you think no one is doing right now?
What is the funniest misuse of a word you have ever heard?
What exists for the sole purpose of pissing people off?
You are teleported to the last place you thought about no matter if its Real or not. Where are you now and what Will you do?
For those who have witnessed a wedding objection during the "speak now or forever hold your peace" portion; what happened?
What are some fun things to do around with your SO at home that isn’t sex?
You’re laying in bed home alone at 3 AM. What sound would be the scariest thing to hear at that time?
What are some tips for someone with no fighting experience to win in a fight?
What common misconception blew your mind when you found you were wrong?
What is the most childlike thing you still do as an adult?
What fictional character has the thickest plot armour?
[Serious] What is the best way to make the most of the last few weeks with a dying parent?
How has quarantine helped you?
What would you say if your future/current child came out as LGBTQ+ to you?
People who live alone, do you still lock your door when you use the bathroom?
What's something a teacher did at school that you're still mad about?
Hiring managers of reddit, what’s a sure way to screw up the interview?
When did your feeling about "Something is very wrong here." turned out to be true?
What is the coolest skill to have in your opinion?
[Serious] What was the most horrifying thing you have seen/experienced at night?
You own an inconvenience store. What do you sell??
Bank tellers of reddit: What is your plan if someone sends bees through the tube?
If you had the power to duplicate anything you touch with your hands, what would you do?
What’s a family secret you didn’t get told until you were older that made things finally make sense?
If you have the power to duplicate a thing, what would you make a copy of?
Do you think anything will come of this BLM movement if so then what?
To those that live in Italy, how is the situation right now with coronavirus and lockdown?
Pet owners of reddit, whats a small detail/quirk that you love about your pet?
What music did you listen to while growing up?
What song did Weird Al cover that turned out better than the original?
What do you refuse to spend money on?
Redditors, what is your go to sleep show you put on every night?
People who died what was it like?
What movie hit you the hardest, emotionally speaking?
What is your favorite running joke from a TV series?
What went wrong at work that only other people in your profession would understand?
What are the little things that almost always go unnoticed but are very important?
What brand are you loyal to and why?
What's that one part of a song you like that ruins it?
What is the most "Fuck you" moment that you ever received from the writers while reading a book/ seeing a movie/series?
[Serious] Redditors who have been clinically dead and then revived/resuscitated: What did dying feel like? How it changed your life? Did you see anything while passed on?
Serious or not, what is something a person said to you that has stayed with you forever?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve heard a person say aloud in public?
It's almost 2020, what futurist thing did you seriously think we'd have by now?
What are your thoughts on people’s dreams where they see the future long before it happens and seeing the future seconds before it happens?
Redditors with good eyesight, what is it like to be able to watch your haircuts in progress?
What is the superior ice cream flavour?
What is the most useless fact you know?
What won't make it to 2021?
Childcare workers, what family secret was revealed by a kid?
If cats had pockets what would you find in your cats pockets?
Elon Musk has announced he is opening a human zoo. You would be paid two million dollars per year to live in a clear exhibit on display. Would you sign up? Why/Why not?
Has any country ever resolved it’s homeless problem in a cost effective way? If so who, and what did they do?
Ask a question and then make the response look terrible by editing the question. How bad can this end up?
What was the most fucked up thing you saw in school?
What’s the stupidest way you’ve hurt yourself?
What do you know way too much about?
What should NOT cost money?
[serious] People with confirmed below-average intelligence, how has your intelligence affected your life experience, and what would you want the world to know about what it’s like to be you?
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
What are the reasons people's identities are so attached to their birth geography?
Fall damage is now disabled. What are you going to do with this new ability?
With all the power of the internet at their fingertips, genuinly *how* can people still be racist?
What is 10x scarier at night then day?
What folklore creature do you think really exists?
What will the first reddit post that reaches 1 million upvotes be about?
What is a show that most people binge watch and is one of the most popular but your not interested? Why is it not worth your time?
What is real that you can't believe is real?
What are some relaxing music or songs that feels wholesome?
What are some fun part time jobs to explore for adults?
People of reddit what scary event have you been scarred by?
What's something strange your body does that you know isn't quite right but also isn't quite serious enough to get checked out by a doctor?
Everyone knows Florida man. What's your state's man like?
People who knew well-known Youtubers/Influencers before they got popular, how much are they faking their personality on camera?
What was the first book/movie that made you change your life in someway?
What’s the oldest scar still visible on your body and what’s the story behind it?
What do you choose to be successful in life Smart work or Hardwork?
What are some deep, thought provoking questions to ask someone to know them better?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you’re actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
What is one thing everyone should know that most don't know?
If musical instruments could talk which would be the most annoying?
Funeral home employees/owners of Reddit, what’s the most ridiculous outfit you’ve seen someone buried in?
[Serious] What stories about WW2 did your grandparents tell you and/or what did you find out about their lives during that period?
What’s the weirdest car you’ve ever seen?
What’s your biggest (non sexual) fantasy?
What supplies or items should every household have in case of a large-scale emergency?
What are some good shows to binge watch in quarantine?
What’s the worst financial decision you’ve ever made and how did it affect you in the long term?
What is a "Movie cliche" that you never really see?
What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
People who work in the culinary industry, what is the most dangerous dish to prepare?
Redditors who are married to someone with an identical twin: what are your feelings towards that twin?
Dogs of reddit how are you (bark bark bark bark bark)?
What actor is the most guilty of playing the same exact character in every film?
What one rather good thing someone can say that will instantly make you hate him?
What is most useless item you carry with you all the time?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the best excuse for being late that turned out to be true?
What’s your favorite line from Spongebob?
Have you ever wished death on someone?...why?
What are some facts that are useless but still fun to know?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys the hell out of you?
How do you deal with depression?
What is a niche skill that you have?
What’s a movie that not enough people have heard of, and you think more people should watch?
What movie do you consider “perfect”?
If a store existed that sold super powers, what could you buy from the discount bin?
What is something you regretted instantly after doing it except masturbation?
What place is overrated to visit?
What cancelled TV show do you wish could come back?
what is your favourite plant?
If You Had to Live a Week Without Internet, What Would You Do to Keep Yourself Busy?
How did you fail your driver's test?
[serious] What was your biggest ‘we need to leave... Now!’ moment?
What do you pretend to like for the sake of someone you love?
You have one hour to do anything, but afterward you can’t ever do it again. What do you do?
What are signs that YOU are the "bad friend"?
If you had to choose only one artist's/band's discography to listen to for the rest of your life, whose would you choose?
What is a great quote you heard in a porno?
What is something about your country you're actually really proud of?
What's the most American thing ever that if explained to a non-American might just sound crazy?
[Serious] Ex Prisoners of reddit, who was the most evil person there, and what did they do that was so bad?
What looks super easy but is actually difficult as fuck?
What phrases are you really sick of hearing?
Redditors who have had to move out of state on short notice, how did you handle things like finding housing and employment?
People in their 30's, what is your advice to people in their 20's?
How do you think humans will become extinct?
When did you realize that YOU were the problem?
What are some good examples of “it hurts so good”?
What has pop culture taken and beat the shit out of?
In what ways a 35 year old can screw his life up?
Who is the most attractive person you've ever seen?
What is the absolute way you do not want to die?
What's more awkward than staying at a friend's house and waking up before them?
What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
What happened on your best day of your life?
What is one positive, it can be anything, that happened to you this year?
What is the most confusing/weird thing about reddit?
What’s the story behind your username?
What was that one time you lied and couldn't believe you got away with it?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
What's something that you hated as a kid, but enjoyed as an adult?
Hey reddit! What are some ways for teenagers to make money?
What songs are you listening to right now?
What are some fun ways to spend your birthday alone?
The first picture of a Black Hole will be revealed next week, what do you think it will look like?
Is “dude” a gender neutral word? If not, what are some gender neutral alternatives?
If you could ask Donald Trump one single question and get an absolutely straightforward honest answer, what would it be?
What quote would reveal your favourite TV series?
Americans who grew up during the Red Scare, what was it like?
What is the best video game for couples to play?
What was the best thing someone ever told you ?
Dead people on Reddit. How does it feel to be dead? Is it better over there?
"Everyone needs 3 hobbies: one to keep you creative, one to keep you in shape, and one to make you money." What are yours?
people who have depression, what was the first sign that let you know that you have depression?
What is something you regret masturbating to?
Chocolate is now illegal. What’s its street name?
How would your life be different if you were raised by 2 females or 2 males?
What would you do if your SO turned into a pig overnight?
What songs are best to be played during sex?
Where would humanity be without modern civilization?
If you have a scar, how did you get it?
What country in your opinion has the best (and worst) flag?
People who have changed their name, why?
What's the least practical sport to play naked ?
People who have called the police or visited a precinct to report a crime: what was your experience and outcome?
In those variety boxes full of chips, which kind do you take? And why is it not Fritos?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore?
What will be the first thing that you will do if you're locked in a bathroom full of cockroaches?
Are you concerned about a resurgence of COVID-19, why or why not?
What conspiracy theory do you absolutely believe is true?
What exactly are you NOT willing to do for five million dollars?
What industry is a lot shadier than it seems?
What is a phrase that, no matter, who says it, pisses you off to no end?
A new dating app is launched. Instead of a photo of the person, it shows you a photo of their bedroom, car, kitchen, shoes, how they have their tea/coffee, things like that... what photo would tell you the most about someone, and would you be most interested to see to choose a potential date?
Which Celebrity gives you the quickest boner once you look at them?
What is your favorite color and why?
Which BS information do you wish movies would stop perpetuating?
What plans did 2020 ruin for you?
What food do you absolutely despise eating?
What foods can a teenager cook for his parents to help their depression?
What would your 13 year old self think of you now?
Who is the best Disney villain?
What’s the WORST sex advice you can give to a First-Timer?
What's something that gives you hope for the future of humanity?
What is the fastest way a room of happy people turned sour you’ve witnessed?
[serious] They say everyone we meet is fighting a battle we know nothing about... so we should always be kind. What battle are you fighting?
When was America "great"?
What relationship advice can you give to a man in his first relationship?
You gain the ability to stop time. After stopping time what’s the first thing you’re going to do?
What’s the most useless talent you have?
How do you deal with serious life altering issues in your life that you can’t change?
If the US states were people, what would they be doing right now?
What’s the most toxic community when you say something against them?
There are more than 7 billion people on this earth. What do you think not a single one of them is doing right now?
What’s the one horror movie that genuinely terrified you while watching it?
Is there anyone on here that has had covid-19 &amp; survived, if so what was it like??
What role would you play in your group in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
In your ideal world, what would you ban?
What things can one do to make themself unrecognizable?
What is a feature that is inarguably hot, regardless of gender?
What is the stupidest way you've injured yourself?
Parents of Reddit: What did you swear you wouldn't do as a parent, that you've done at least once?
People who actually used a pen from start until it lost ink without losing them. How the hell did you do it?
What highly illegal thing took place at your high school?
Do you find yourself coming up with crazy ideas in your head? Thinking about situations that couldn't possibly be true but convincing yourself otherwise, creating crazy and untrue thoughts? If so what’s your craziest thought?
Autopsy doctors of Reddit, what was the biggest revelation you had to a person's death after you carried out the procedure?
What’s the worst thing Neil Armstrong could’ve said when he stepped on the moon?
If you could have sex with a clone of yourself would you do it? Why and why not?
What celebrity did bad things but everyone "forgot" what they did because they're famous?
American cops of Reddit, what is your perspective?
What is your answer to the question "What's the purpose of life?"
What are some good shows on Hulu to binge in quarantine?
What simple curse would be the worst to bear?
What are some weird phobias?
What are some viby summer songs?
What do you wish was illegal?
What is the worst job to have in 2020?
Hey Reddit, what's the strangest coincidence you've ever personally experienced?
To all the black cops, which side do you take during these protests? What moral conflicts do you face?
What caused the biggest adrenaline rush in your life?
You have a 1% chance of getting $100. Or you have a 2% chance of $99. This continues all the way to 100% chance of $1. What do you choose?
What seems to be overrated, until you actually try it?
If you died the exact same way as the last time you died in a video game, what would your death be?
People with any Mental illness or Physical disabilities, what's the most insensitive or ignorant remark/behaviour you've received from someone?
Pet owners of reddit, what is the biggest flex your pet attempted?
What's more embarrassing than realizing somebody was not waving at you?
People who honk your horn if the person in front of you doesn't go .2 seconds after the light changes, what do you do with all the time you save throughout the year?
People who spend 30 minutes or longer in the shower, what are you doing in there?
Why and how people play video games 12 hours per day and have money to buy in game currency?
Men with an anime girl as your profile picture, why?
What's way more painful than most people think?
What movie known for being terrible do you actually secretly like?
What screams "I'm very insecure"?
What celebrity death, in your lifetime, hit you the hardest?
What else could ASAP stand for?
If gun shots could be replaced with any other sound to make them seem less frightening, what would it be?
Quick! What is the first joke that comes to your mind?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
How does one become a Karen?
Redditors who had sibling that turned out to be Karens, what were they like growing up?
You’ve been granted immortality. You’re a minimum wage worker with a useless degree and crippling student debt. What’s your immortal life plan?
Lawyers of Reddit; what was your most memorable case and why? [Serious]
With streaming services, what’s one TV intro that you will never skip?
what character had the best character arc?
What is the best loophole that you've ever found?
Was there a time where you realized it was a small world after all?
Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient "I've seen it all before" to comfort them, but really you had never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
Dear Reddit, how do you get over the fact you feel you wasted 2 years of your life in a toxic relationship?
What was your “thank god nobody saw that” moment?
What technology are you shocked has not advanced yet?
Which common mispronunciations annoy you to no end?
[Serious] What are some creepy stories from your culture?
Which quote is most improved by tacking "here, in the middle of this Olive Garden" to the end of it?
If you’ve ever asked the universe for some kind of sign and got it clear as day, what was it and how did it go?
If you could give Donald Trump anything what would it be?
You are suddenly 10 feet to your right. How does that change your present situation?
What is something that is normalized in society when in reality is horrific?
What is an adult life equivalent of calling your teacher "mom"?
Jedi Knights of Reddit, what keeps you from becoming a proper Sith?
What is one thing you love about yourself?
What's the scariest urban legend in your country?
Redditors who sleep naked, why?
A magical pet store is open, but the good pets are too expensive, what magical pets you find in the discount section?
What stupid myth do too many people believe?
What opinions do you hide because it goes against those of your family, friends or coworkers?
What are you thinking about?
What fictional character does everyone else love but you despise?
If we wanted to abolish the two-party govt system in the US, what is the BEST way to even start that process?
[Serious] Night Owls of Reddit, what have you witnessed at night that truly horrified you?
People who gave out their information to scams what happened?
Those who lived in/near Pripyat when the Chernobyl disaster took place, what’s your story?
What's your favorite game?
Should an actor or politician have their career ruined by racist or sexist remarks they made 10/20 years ago on social media, why or why not?
What's really outdated yet still widely used?
What was the dumbest thing you ever did to try and impress a girl or guy?
What do you hope never changes?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever done for money? (Serious)
Recently it was revealed that one of the glitter industry’s biggest buyers is confidential, as they “don’t want anyone to know that it’s glitter.” What do you think it’s secretly used for?
Which intro to a show do you never skip and why?
How would you describe your sense of humor?
What's a place that seems fine during the day but gets really creepy at night?
Who is your favorite fictional character and why?
What movie scared the shit out of you as a child?
What would you want to be the god of?
[Serious] Reddit, what are some free (or cheap) official degrees, certifications, or titles one could gain online?
They say love is blind. What other emotions have disabilities?
What is your 10/10 movie?
What movie was so bad it made you walk out of the theater without finishing it?
How do you politely tell someone 'That's non of your business.' ?
How do you find new songs similar to music you like?
Redditors how much would you sell your dog for?
When was a time you developed real interest in learning about something that you had initially disliked?
What is the most popular unpopular thing?
Which was the movie villain , evil character or monster that made you say "F*ck the hero, I'm with the bad guy" ?
What are the love sentences that don’t need to have the word ‘love’ in it?
Why the fuck are you all calling it "social" distancing? You do more socializing than ever, it is "Physical" distancing, that is unless you shut down all your social media for months?
What is the best response to the question "why are you so quiet" ?
What movie can you watch over and over again?
What’s the best / most comfortable shoe you have ever worn ?
If you can be reincarnated as anything living besides a human, what would it be?
You wake up a billionaire. What’s the first thing you buy?
What would your favorite movie be re-names if it starred a t-Rex?
If Reddit wasn't called Reddit, what would it be called ?
The Egyptians said that you die a second time once your name is last uttered. Who will live the longest?
911, what's your emergency?
To the people who have keyboard clicking sounds on their phone, what’s your reasoning for not turning it off?
What subreddits do you feel were great in concept but never got the attention they deserved, and why?
Do you remember the first time you watched porn? If yes , at what age?
What do you think is the most interesting psychology phenomenon?
[SERIOUS] What are some good ways to build up your self-confidence?
Nurses and first responders of reddit. What is the most profound or odd thing a terminally ill patient has deemed important to tell you?
What movie would be better if it didn't have a happy ending?
You’re given immortality but the cost is being sent back 2000 years. Would you accept and what would you do?
What the hell is wrong with you?
What’s your thoughts on people saying AllLivesMatter?
What solutions can video game companies implement to deal with the misogyny and racism that is rampant in open chat comms (vs. making it the responsibility of the targeted individual to mute/block)?
What is something in your search history that you are ashamed off and it's not porn or hentai of any kind?
What 'cinema sin' is the most irritating, that filmmakers need to stop committing immediately?
What’s a fact that was hidden from you as a child?
Zookeepers of Reddit, how are the animals acting differently now that there are no visitors to the zoo?
J.K. Rowling originally wanted to make Harry visit all four Hogwarts House common room, but couldn't think of a valid reason to visit the Hufflepuff common room. If you were Rowling, what valid situation would you make where Harry had to visit the Hufflepuff common room? Why?
Why don’t you do the things you know you should be doing?
People who’ve attended weddings were someone objected, what happened?
What's your favourite thing to say when you're angry?
What’s something weird/funny/embarrassing you’ve done on Auto Pilot?
Whats acceptable to have to explain to a child, but unacceptable to have to explain to a adult?
What's an alternate acronym for "STFU"?
What healthy food tastes better than unhealthy food?
What was your "Oh shit my life is over my parents are gonna kill me" moment you had as a child/teen?
What the f*** are you supposed to do when the having happy birthday sung to you?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the scariest thing that you ever saw on the streets? [NSFW]
If you were a god what would you be the god of?
What's some good music to listen to when sad?
People who sell Ice cream what is the craziest toppings people put on their ice cream?
What's an activity you've never done but always wanted to try?
Gay electricians who lived in England but moved to the USA in the past 10 years, What was the scariest moment of your life?
How much do you like the smell of gasoline?
What did your school waste money on that nobody liked?
Teachers of reddit, what is the smartest/most creative way of cheating that you've seen?
What is the worst thing one could do on a first date?
Those who were teenagers in the 90's, what piece of technology took you a long time to adapt to during the turn of the century?
What is a subreddit that is completely different from what the name implies?
What in your opinion is the perfect album?
Whats your favorite game?
When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened?
People who work at a ball pen factory, what does it feel like to immerse your hand into a bucket of ball pen balls?
People of reddit, what was the most NSFW event you ever stumbled upon in high school?
What's the sign that somebody was raised right?
Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be?
Women of reddit, what are your honest opinions on giving BJs? How much do you actually enjoy giving them?
Which movie do you never grow tired of watching again every once in a while ?what makes it so appealing for you ?
What's the last app you purchased on iOS?
How do you get a Girlfriend?
Would you like a complement? If so why?
Humans of Reddit, what is your planets defense system?
What's your favourite thing from the 80s/90s?
The last thing you googled killed you, how did you die?
Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still alive"?
Where did you hide the body?
[serious] Reddittors who recovered from Covid19, how are you now? What was it like?
Those of you who say "make yourself at home" to visitors, how would you feel if I opened the fridge and snacked on whatever I liked?
People who actually dressed up as a creepy clown during the 2016 clown sightings, why did you do it?
If you could choose to completely eradicate mosquitos, without any knowledge over how it would change human history, would you do it?
When did you realise you weren't in love, you were just an idiot?
What is the best loophole you discovered that you still use?
Redditors who worked at defunct stores (Blockbuster, Circuit City, etc.), when did you realize they were done for?
Children are the most innocent and yet the most brutally honest of all people due to their age. What’s the most innocent, and yet hurtful thing a child said to you?
What is wrong with swearing?
What are some cool but obscure Mythological creatures?
What if cannibalism was an accepted diet?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
Deaf community of reddit, what are the stereotypical alcohol induced communication errors when signing with a drunk person?
What inanimate object would you just like to say "fuck you" to?
What is either amazing or completely sucks?
Have you ever stopped feeling attracted to someone after you realized how toxic that person was?
You just won the lottery for $1,000,000. What do you spend it on?
As a torture method, you lock someone in a prison cell and play a song over and over until they go insane. Which song would be most effective?
What TV shows are you currently binging during quarantine?
If you were president of your country, what very small law will you put in place to change your peoples life ?
What harmful things are being taught to children?
You are gifted a single use stopwatch that can stop time once for 10 minutes. How do you make the best use of your 10 minutes?
Where do you make friends after college and outside of work?
If your username becomes the God of a new religion, what is this religion like?
What is your opinion on plants?
What sounds do you like?
So what do you think the next big thing that will make people forget the protests will be?
What’s a movie you love but critics seem to hate?
Extroverts of reddit, what questions do you have for introverts?
You awaken, in the woods, your hands are tied up and you can barely move, in a camping tent, when you turn your head to your left you see a butter knife and when you turn the head to the right you see a cement block, in front of you is a paintball gun, what is your plan of escaping?
People of reddit. When you were unhealthy, unfit and too lazy to do any exercise what did you do?
What is your favorite subreddit?
You are 1 of 2,000,000 people asked. You get to have whatever item you want as long as no one else chooses it. What do you choose?
Former Neo-Nazis/members of hate groups, what was your “I need to get the hell out of here” moment?
What’s something actually positive that’s happening in 2020?
What stopped you from killing yourself ?
Who is a celebrity you want to be friends with?
What was a huge trend that everyone forgot about?
Younger people of Reddit, what are things a middle aged person should know that perhaps they don't?
What is your hobby?
What is one thing you find attractive, but deny that it is?
What is something you pay for on a regular basis that dramatically increases your quality of life?
What is the weirdest fetish you've ever heard of?
What is something that you hate as a kid, but enjoy as a adult?
What "unhealthy" food is healthier than people think?
What video game would you recommend for someone with depression or anxiety?
What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
What has been your "I fucking told you" moment?
What’s a huge red flag when meeting new people?
[Serious] What can the international community do to help the teens in Bangladesh against the ongoing government killings and oppression?
What is the story behind a scar on your body?
What do you personally view as a scam that everyone accepts otherwise?
How do you sleep? Music, blankets, fan, naked, etc. What gets you comfy?
What is your favorite dad joke?
Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
If a good superpower costed $1,000,000, what superpower could you get for just $10?
What's the best TV show you've ever watched?
What quote from your childhood has left the biggest impression on you today?
Every time someone lies to you, $100 gets deposited to your bank account. How do you get rich?
Kim Jong Un has been captured by the UN and you are responsible for sentencing him. What is his punishment?
With all the advance in FinTech and other instruments (credit cards, apple pay...) , why do people still pay with cash?
What's the first thing you are going to do in hell?
If you were arrested with no explanation what would your friends and family assume you had done?
What would be the worst fruit to use as a dildo?
So your crush is in your bedroom, what now?
People no longer bound by their non disclosure agreements, what can you now disclose?
Which deceased person, if brought back to life, would be the most surprised to learn they became famous posthumously?
The closest yellow object will try to kill you in 1 hour. How do you prepare?
Men, when was the last time you've got a compliment and what was it?
what is the best insult you can give a person without using any swear words?
What's one piece of advice that you would give to your younger self?
If you were creating a quiz round where the first participant to find a specified item in the house wins, what would be the funniest items to pick?
VR now allows you to sell your experiences to others. Which memories would you put up for sale?
Why are you awake right now? Shouldn't you be asleep?
What about sex or the idea of sex is appealing to you?
What did you do in your life that you regret the most?
What's a fun little fact about yourself?
What is product that you use frequently that is marketed to the opposite sex?
What is something that becomes more boring the older you get?
What was the best thing about getting Reddit gold?
What stupid thing did you spend tons of money on ?
What’s the worst possible thing you can tell a grieving person?
Welcome to McDonalds, what would you like to order?
You’ve just died but before taking you to the afterlife God asks you “what unsolved mystery would you like to know the answer to.” What do you say next?
People of Reddit, how do you get rid of the foam in the sink after you wash your hands?
When’s the last time you bought a new version of the type of mobile phone you have?
What's the best pie to make when you want to impress your future in laws?
Historians of reddit, what is a odd, weird, cool, or NSFW history fact that few people know?
What bot accounts on reddit should people know about?
What is your "if I can do it, anyone can do it" hobby/skill?
What's a question so stupid it gets more complex the more you think about it?
What is the stupidest question on this sub that you have seen get super successful?
People who watched Malcolm in the Middle, when you think of the show do you also think of Blink-182?
How is Abraham Lincoln viewed by blacks, is he considered to be a hero for them?
What's one important thing you learned in therapy?
What would happen if pinocchio said "now my nose will grow" ?
Which TV show would offend people if it re-aired today?
What’s the biggest scam people still fall for?
(SERIOUS) Why do we always assume an alien intelligence would be even remotely similar in size or biology to the human race? What types of odd languages or communication methods would they have?
If you've done a big romantic movie like gesture for a S/O, how'd it turn out for you?
What restaurant were you scarred by after seeing something in your food that shouldn't be there?
What's one of the dumbest things you've ever spent money on?
People who sleep naked, what’s your plan in case of any sort of emergency, like a fire or murderer?
What little things keep you happy?
Never Eat Shredded Wheat (North, East, South, West) can be very useful with directions and maps. Which other acronyms from your childhood are ingrained in your memory, and which have saved your bacon?
What is stopping you from becoming the version of yourself you truly aspire to be?
what would be the worst pain someone could feel, while their senses are slowed down, so they feel a pain that is one second long for one hour?
What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
What’s the best subreddit to sort by ‘controversial’?
You are suddenly teleported to a Ted talk stage in front of thousands of people, what do you do?
[SERIOUS] What is a seemingly harmless parenting mistake that will majorly fuck up a child later in life?
What's a thing you strongly dislike about Reddit?
People who honk in traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?
[Serious] Students of Reddit who had a sexual relationship with a teacher, how did it start and how did it turn out?
How can you make the most out of cake day?
What’s the weirdest thing your teacher ever did?
If all humans are naked, would we be more horny or less horny and why?
What has become politicized just because people say so?
What was your scariest nightmare?
What has been an upside to the lockdown for you?
What is something you want to change the most ?
What is your favorite soundtrack from a game or movie?
How long do you think it will be until a reddit post hits 1 million upvotes for the first time? And what will the post be?
What world record do you think you hold?
What's the deepest Wikipedia hole you've fallen into?
How would you feel about a ban of “your username ” questions on the sub?
What's the last app you purchased on Android?
What non-factual source of information online are you always inclined to believe no matter what it says?
How do you pee with a boner?
Gamers, what's your proudest achievement?
Redditors who have been told they weren’t going to live, or have had a near death experience, how scary is it to actually face death? (Serious)
What’s something that annoys you that most people don’t understand?
[Serious] Redditors who were given a "unique" name or spelling. Do you love or hate your parents decision? Why?
What do you have ZERO sympathy for?
You are now the Wizard of the last thing you looked up. What are you the Wizard of?
Teachers of Reddit, what are some positive trends you have noticed in today's youth?
People who are relatives to celebrities, how are they as a relative?
You get one wish, but whatever you wish for will happen again twice the next day, and four times the day after that, and so on. What do you wish for?
What's the biggest red flag when meeting new people?
Do you like your job now or pre-quarantine &amp; why?
What little thing instantly tells you that a person is good?
As a mental health worker or someone affected by mental health issues, what is one thing you would want to say to educate people about mental health and to lessen the stigma and shame surrounding it?
[Serious] A few years ago, the Guggenheim museum unveiled an exhibit that was a gold, fully functioning toilet that visitors could use. The exhibit was called America. How do you feel about this?
What should teenagers these days really start paying attention to as they’re about to turn 18?
Scrubs was brilliant at picking songs to create mood and emphasise every little emotion; if you had to pick such a scene, which one will you choose?
What will be the very last job that is taken over by robots?
Anti-lockdowners of Reddit, why?
What’s a tv show that you feel went too long?
Why can’t you use steroids in sports, but you can use makeup in beauty contests?
Why drinking coca cola , sprite etc. can make someones body itchy?
What does OtakuKart mean?
What movie could be remade with new social distancing rules and still work?
Skyscraper window cleaners of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing you’ve seen inside an apartment while cleaning windows?
Of all movie opening scenes, which one sold the entire film?
Straight people of reddit, What questions have you always wanted to ask people of the LGBT community that you have never been able to ask or had the courage to ask?
What’s your go to starbucks order?
Dear Redditors, at what age did you begin riding your first roller coaster? Did you manage to survive or peed your pants? What was your first roller coaster?
Which scar on your body tells the best story?
People of Reddit- what has been the best purchase you have made during Lockdown?
If you were given the chance to start your life over at age 10 right now, but still retain all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
Ewan McGregor walks in to your elevator and you exit on the next floor. What do you say?
[Serious] People who are advocating for the abolishment of the police force, who are you expecting to keep vulnerable people safe from criminals?
From the top of your head, who are the first 5 fictional females you can think of?
Your SO turn out to be 3000 year old ultimate lifeform capable of shapeshifting. How would you react to that reveal?
People who were alive then, what were you doing December 31st 1999 ?
What are things from the early days of the internet that you don’t see much of anymore?
What's something that exists but shouldn't?
What’s one thing you wish would be discovered, but most likely won’t before you leave this world?
What is something other people do that bothers you?
what is the most overrated movie of all time ?
To the deaf who gained the ability to hear, what sound surprised you the MOST?
At this point in 2020, if you looked in the sky tomorrow and saw a big ass death star looking mother, what do you think your first thought would be?
What is the worst thing you ever done?
You've been elected President of the United States, what is the first thing you do?
What is that one fact you know that always makes people respond "And why the fuck do YOU know that"?
How would you hide a body?
What is your "thank God it was just a dream" moment?
Have you ever found stairs in the forest? Where and how?
What's something that pisses you off instantly?
[Serious] Autistic people of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew about Autism?
McDonald's discontinues the Happy Meal and intruduces the Angry Meal. What kind of food and toys are in it?
People who are / have been homeless, what was the first night without a home like, and how did you adapt to your new situation?
Which was the first meme you came to know?
People who are fluent in English but refuse to reply using the language, why?
What is the worst possible response to "I love you"?
People who have been in a relationship with a conjoined twin, how did things work in the bedroom?
How could 2020 get better?
you find a mirror that shows you your real personality, no lies. do you dare look and what will you see?
What YouTube channel is great to binge?
Your Reddit username is your superpower. What is it, and will you use it for good or evil?
What is the most desperately lonely thing you have ever done?
What's a non-sexual moment equivalent of an orgasm?
Teachers of Reddit: They say there are no stupid questions, but what's the most stupid question a student has ever asked you?
What's the next game you want for free from epic games?
What is the most evil, but harmless, way to get revenge?
What is your favorite non-Harry Potter Alan Rickman movie?
What is the greatest food sin you've seen someone commit?
At what point did you give up on a TV show that you had previously enjoyed watching?
What is your secret dream that you wish it would be real?
What’s an unexpectedly well-paid job?
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is cast as Tommy Pickles in a live action Rugrats movie. Who should play Chuckie?
What's a delicious cheap meal that you love eating?
You're transported 200 years into the past with a fully charged smart phone but no charger. what do you do?
What's the most heartwarming thing a person has done for you ?
(Serious) People who were the victim of friendship bullying, what were some of the horrible things that your ‘friends’ did to you? And how long did it take to finally walk out of it?
Police dispatchers of Reddit, What are some of your best "You don't call 911 for this..." calls?
Confident people: how do you do it?
What’s your favourite reddit moment ?
Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this?
Have you ever quit a job, without another lined up, for you mental health? How did it turn out?
If 13 year old you made a time machine and came to visit you today for 24 hours, what would you do with them?
What's the worst case of "rich kid syndrome" you've seen?
You’re in high school and if you can get your teacher to give you detention in 60 seconds or less you win $10,000. What do you do?
What's your 'fuck this, I quit!' story?
It’s Saturday morning, you wake up in an alternate universe (Year 2020) in which race and religion have never been an issue, you step outside and grab the daily newspaper, what’s the headline?
Girls on tinder: what makes you swipe right on a guys profile?
What is your favorite word(s) ?
Donald Trump knocks on your front door. What do you do?
Is there a food you refuse to eat and why?
How is your best friend from 8th grade doing?
What is the difference between a smart person and a genius?
[Serious] When it's well known that the adult entertainment industry is mindblowingly lucrative and an increasing fanbase exploring animated media, why are so few studios producing high quality animated content?
(Serious) The UK has left the European Union, if you voted Brexit, why? How will it benefit you personally?
Which cancelled tv show do you wish would come back?
What are some life tips for someone turning 18?
People who romanticized a city or a country and then decided to move there, how has your perception changed since moving?
What is, in your opinion, the biggest flaw of the human body?
Hey Reddit, what are you favorite "Feel Good" songs?
You get to pick the song that's played as the troops are marching off to battle. What song do you pick for maximum motivation?
What character you felt was absolutely useless at first but later redeemed?
What is the most you've paid for something that is free/commonly inexpensive? Was it worth it?
[Serious]American Minorities: How do you feel about the cancellation of Live PD?
What would you like to know about Russia?
You have 10 seconds to get everyone out of a room, what do you do?
What movie scene shocked you the most?
Coders of Reddit, how do you politely refuse your friend's 'million dollars app idea'?
What is your favorite Chinese food dish and why?
What inanimate object do you think will hold the best conversation if it suddenly had the ability too? What would you talk to it about?
If you got a dollar for every person of the opposite sex who found you unattractive, how would you make sure you got all $3.5 billion?
Which animal would look best in a monocle and top hat?
You can fill a pool with anything you want (money, gold, coins, anything valuable really), but you must jump into it from 10 meters (~33 feet) and survive in order to keep what you filled it in with. What would you fill the pool up with?
Old members of Reddit , What are the unwritten rules of Reddit that new members should know of?
What’s your favorite insult?
What was the worst thing that you did/said while being angry?
What makes you regret your reddit username?
What did you take for granted as a kid?
What toxic behaviour has been normalised by the internet?
What are some psychology experiments with interesting results?
[Serious] What’s the scariest thing you’ve experienced that you have photo evidence of?
What is the most "rebellious" Or overall crazy thing you did as a teenager?
How did you get your scars?
Clap-backers of Reddit, what is your best comeback to this phrase: "You're very lucky to be here for a girl like you."?
You have died and find that instead of going to heaven, you've only leveled up to Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better but not quite heaven?
What can you do being single versus being in a relationship?
[Breaking News] Orlando Nightclub mass-shooting.
People of Reddit, what little thing pisses you off to no end?
What's the most tech illiterate thing you've seen a person do?
What is an useful skill everyone should learn?
What subreddit should more people visit?
What was the most porno situation you’ve ever had?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
What is an unexplainable memory from your childhood?
What are some history facts that few people know?
[serious] What are some of the most overlooked spots in a house/apartment that aren’t being cleaned?
What line, phrase, or lyric do you often quote to yourself that nobody would recognize?
If, say, birds were to be plotting to destroy humanity; how would you stop them?
People who have gone through gender reassignment surgery how does it feel(down there and mentally)?
What would 12 yr old you think of how you are now?
People who don't wear a blanket when they sleep, how do you protect yourselves from the monsters?
Which bad guy in fiction was correct in his beliefs or reasons?
Which fictional charecter is an awesome role model?
What are some tips for new drivers?
On a scale of 1-10, what is a perfect 5?
Men of Reddit, if males could unscrew their dick from their body like a dildo attachment to leave at their bedside, what other items would you attach to your dick-port?
What do you want for Christmas?
Besides attacking McDonalds employees for sauce packets, whats the worst fan-boy meltdown you've seen in public?
How does someone make you lose your cool?
[Serious] What is your suggestion to young citizens, who do not vote, because they don't want to pick the "lesser of two evils"?
What's the worst "we're in this together" ad you've come across during this pandemic?
What is worth watching Star Wars?
[Serious] What TV show or movie did you love that would not see the light of day in 2020 because of its content?
You are now the manager of purgatory, it’s a mix between heaven and hell. How would you make people uncomfortable, while they can also enjoy things?
How often do you call your mom?
What is your favorite obscure song that most people have probably not heard of before?
Middle children of reddit, what's your favourite method of uprising?
What are some best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
Gamers, what are you playing to pass the time?
How would you design the PS5? What would it look like?
What unusual/unique units of measurement did you mentally use as a child to make sense of the world?
What's the fastest way to lose all of your friends?
The Pope slapped a woman on day 1 of 2020, world war III is trending on day 2, what will happen on day 3?
What are the biggest myths of fitness?
What is the best “Smart Ass” remark you have ever heard?
What are the worst things to Google?
What is something that is universally a "dick move"?
For the people that say "Make America Great Again," when was it 'Great'?
What's a really shitty movie but you actually enjoy it?
We share 60% of our DNA with bananas. But what traits do we share with bananas?
What’s a sign that somebody wasn’t raised right?
What is the best comeback to "So if your friend jumped off a bridge, you would too?"
What is the best it's so bad it's good movie?
What is a show that started out very good that had worst ending you ever watched?
Non-Americans who have been to the US: What is the weirdest thing about America that Americans don't realise is weird?
What is a psychological trick you know to really fuck with someone ?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
You awake inside of an alien spacecraft; what do you do?
If 2020 was a company. What would be the solgan?
What is worth dying for?
What's the strangest thing that you've been called "gay" for?
When someone tells you a "man walks into a bar" joke, do you always imagine the same bar? If so what does it look like?
Does life actually get better? How do you come back/get better from being lonely and extremely depressed? How do you create meaningful relationships when you are so screwed up?
People from outside of America, what country are you from and in what ways does racism exist there?
Reddit, what are some things one should do before they turn 30?
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
What sounds deadly but really is not?
Would you date an opposite sex version of your self? Why and why not?
Donald Trump hasn’t tweeted in 19 hours, what are your theories on what’s happening in the White House right now?
You can choose a superpower, but the first person to reply can choose a side effect. What superpower do you choose?
What happy fact cheers you up instantly?
People who actually eat dinner with your families every night without a television being on, how's that going?
From now on every time you shit there is a scream coming Out of your ass. You can choose whos scream it would be. What scream would you choose?
Dear Redditors, what advice would you give to someone trying to forget something that makes them feel upset, embarrassed, or angry?
What's the most NSFW thing you saw while looking out the window?
What movie have you seen countless times but still get excited when it comes on?
What is something every virgin should know about sex?
Which book should a depressed person absolutely have to read?
What are the top 3 things on the internet?
What if Elon Musk was just one of these reddit writing prompts of someone who just gains immense knowledge and makes billions off making cars, rockets, and flamethrowers?
High school graduates, what happened to the really popular kid in your class and where are they today?
In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
What's a perfectly innocent word that you can't hear without giggling?
You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. Do you accept? And what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?
Redditors who grew up with shady/criminal parents: What did your mom or dad teach you was OK to do that you later learned was illegal or seriously frowned upon? (Serious)
People who have found their friends "secret" Reddit accounts, what was the most shocking thing you found out about them?
Doctors of reddit, what patient made you go "How the fuck are you even alive"?
You have to fight an exact copy of yourself to the death, how do you outsmart yourself?
Whatever you make now, what would $12k more a year help you with?
Bisexual people of reddit, what are the biggest diffferences between having a relationship with a man and with a woman?
People with huge karma,What’s your secret behind it ?
What are some study tips for high school students who are struggling and want to improve?
Were you ever that 1 in 1,000,000? If so, what's your story?
What's the stupidest/weirdest title for a book, movie, TV show, or game you've ever seen?
What are some popular yet cringey jokes on reddit that you wish would take a rest for awhile?
Photographers of Reddit: What is the most outrageous photo shoot request you have received from an Instagram "influencer"?
Rule 34 states 'if it exists there is porn of it, no exceptions'. What is an exception?
Tour guides of Reddit, what's the worst thing a tourist has ever done under your supervision?
What's classy if you're rich but trashy if you're poor?
What sounds do you hate/find annoying?
What's the worst possible way the world could end?
What is the worst symptom of your period?
How does mature love ( like when the butterflies are gone but you still love eachother) look like to you?
Your task is to make one billion people mad at you as quickly as you can. What do you do?
When did you do something you think is so 'immature'?
You wake up to hear someone breaking into your house. What song do you blast on your stereo/smart speaker to freak the burglar out?
If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
What’s not actually as painful as it sounds?
Former burglars of reddit, where is one place people should never hide valuables?
What was your favorite Movie as a Kid?
What species of animal would you be most terrified of if they had the same cognitive ability as humans?
What are the best, most useful, must-have Google Chrome extensions?
If you had the ability to hack into Trump's Twitter and make one tweet what would it say?
If you had to choose a criminal career, which path would you choose?
People who struggled with their confidence, what eventually triggered a transformation?
Who's the musical artist or group that you just can't tolerate at all?
What are some red flags of a toxic friendship?
What is an insult that sounds like a compliment?
What feels illegal, but isn't?
What’s a YouTube channel that everyone should watch?
Surgeons of Reddit, how does it feel when you are cutting into someone?
How do you feel about parents who don't support the goals of their kids?
If you caught your partner "sexting" would you consider it cheating? Would it break the trust? Why or why not?
What is the most British insult you can think of?
What’s a tip that everyone should know which might one day save their life?
What’s the most adult thing you’ve ever seen a child do?
You must die in next 48 hours. If you get a Darwin award, you will be reincarnated. How will you die?
If marriages were 5 to 10 year contracts with options to renew if both parties accept, how would the world be different?
A popular saying is "Nothing ie ever lost on the internet" but what is something you have been searching for years and you haven't found it yet?
What do you wish they would teach at school that they don't?
I can’t breathe. Black lives matter.
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, what was a legit reason why you didn't let your son/daughter have THAT friend over/go to a sleepover?
What book fucked you up mentally?
[Serious] Should elderly people be forced to take tests regarding their motor vehicle operating abilities and mental fitness and get their motor vehicle license(s) revoked if they fail the test(s)? Why/why not?
To people who owned water beds at some point, did you like them ?
Girls who own a remote control vibrator, is it worth it? Did you have someone control it?
What unusual thing do you collect?
Actors and Actresses, what is filming a sex scene like ?
Which musician/artist would have had the best career had they not met an untimely demise?
If you woke up tomorrow and were able to move things with your mind, how would you use this ability?
[SERIOUS] How do you keep away the bad thoughts while trying to sleep?
The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react?
There are 2 types of people, who are they?
How do you feel about your name?
What movie lines do you say on a regular day?
Redditors of reddit, how did you discover reddit?
What's the most beautiful song you've ever heard?
What's something you can say to your pet but not say to a person?
What fact blows your mind?
What "pro tip" would you like to give to the opposite sex?
What piece of advice would you give to a fourteen year old?
What would you do if you woke up, forgot all languages you know and became a fluent speaker of Latin only?
What’s something that you have zero sympathy for?
What is your absolutely favorite quote you've heard?
Has a rule ever been created because of something you’ve done? What was the story?
Ladies and Gents, how do you feel about your partner watching porn? Does it bother you at all, and if so, why?
How do lesbians have sex?
What 80’s movies hold up and are still worth watching 30-40 years later?
What are some good ways to help your female SO get through her period?
Pornhub premium members of reddit, was the purchase worth it and what are the benefits and downsides to it?
If “OK Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK Google” what sorts of answers would it give you to certain questions?
What're your most "I need to get out of here now!" moment?
You are in a cage match with your username. What happens?
Software Engineers of Reddit. What is the most surprising or impressive thing did you come across in production code?
People who have anger problems, what is the best way you let out your anger?
What's your most favorite song cover?
What social norm makes absolutely no sense to you?
If 2020 was a boss fight, what kind of attacks it would use?
What’s that one song that has a special feeling to you ?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is the best thing about your pet?
What is the weirdest cartoon you ever saw?
What in your opinion is the most overrated show of all time ?
What is something stupid that makes you really mad?
Police Officers of Reddit, what are you thinking when you see cases like George Floyd?
Do you sleep naked? Why or why not?
Girls, what was the most obvious hint you dropped, and the guy just didn't get it?
What makes you irrationally angry?
How big is it?
What in your search history looks suspicious but you have legitimate reasons for it being there?
If everyone on the planet could hear your voice for 60 seconds, what would you say?
What made you lose interest in a person you had a crush on?
What's the equivalent of going to a White House dinner and being served McDonalds?
What is the fastest sentence you can type?
What are you fantasizing about right now?
What's your most memorable catcalling experience?
What are your best anime recommendations ?
What is the dumbest idea you have ever had that actually worked?
Would you like to be very famous? Why or why not?
What fetish will you keep a secret from the people you know IRL?
If you could say one phrase for the rest of your life, what would it be?
People who always read the 'Terms and Agreements', what's the weirdest thing you've seen?
What is a song or album that you’re listening to right now or have been listening to nonstop lately?
What is the most effective psychological “trick” you use?
People who work in hotels, what was the strangest thing you found in someone's room?
Anyone out there with beautiful eyes and a less beautiful bottom half of your face notice people treating you differently with a mask? What’s different?
Women of Reddit, what things that men do that still annoy or bewilder you to this day?
What non-porn searches do you use incognito mode for?
Which actor will forever be stuck in a role in your mind?
What is the worst thing you could build with legos?
People in stock photos, what's the weirdest way you've seen your photos being used?
What was the absolute worst bug bite you ever got?
If you could submit 1 question to the next Presidential debate without knowing which person would read it, What would your question be?
What's something that society generally accepts as normal, but when you think about it, is actually very strange?
The closest orange object is the cause of your death - how do you die?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite funny video that is 15 seconds in length or less?
If you could choose an animal to understand (like basically talk to them) which 1 animal would you pick?
Reddit is a planet, its subreddits are countries, the size of the country is based on how many subscribers it has. World War 3 has just broken out and the entire world's at war. What event started the entire conflict? How does it all unfold?
What is something that you like the idea of more than you actually like?
Which movie title becomes the most ridiculous when you add “vs. Predator” to the end of it?
When did you move out of your parents house and how did you support yourself?
What is your dream career?
What were you doing in 2013?
Is it right to judge protestors by their most violent participants when you’re apparently not allowed to do the same for police?
What was an amazing moment in your life you hope to never relive again?
What's one thing your looking forward to?
What can money not buy?
What is it about your country that movies always get wrong?
Non-Americans of Reddit — What are the biggest issues making headlines in your country that we Americans don’t know about?
When is the right time to tell the dog that it was adopted?
Non Canadians, what is the first thing that comes to mind when you think "Canada"?
With the US being so focused on its own thing, how is coronavirus in the rest of the world? Is it going away?
What questions have you never asked because you feel like you should already know the answer?
Native english speakers, do you ever watch movies with subtitles even if the show is spoken in english? If yes, why?
If you could become any video game character (with game laws applied) what would it be?
Straight people of reddit, what questions do you have for the LGBTQ community?
So Reddit, why no emojis?
People who were mentioned in someone’s suicide note, what’s your story?
What movie are you ashamed to say you like?
What annoys you the most on Reddit?
You have 5 seconds to ruin the entire wedding, what would you do?
If Trump was running against Trump, what would he tweet about his opponent?
Frail old men of Reddit, where do you get your dope hats and jackets from?
If God created a Reddit post asking for suggestions on the next update of Earth, what would you comment?
What was your favourite childhood game has a kid?
What modern day appliance do you think is under appreciated?
Poof! All of a sudden you're in a cats body. You have the sudden urge to be incredibly mischievous. What do you do first?
Your username is how you make money. How do you make money?
People in relationships, what does your S/O do that always makes you smile?
[Serious] Parents who have adopted a older child (5 and up), how has it gone for you? Do you regret it or would you recommend other parents considering adoption look into a older child?
What genre of movie do you hate the most?
What is realistically the craziest thing you could get for $10k?
What was something your family did that you didn’t realize wasn’t normal until you did it in front of others?
You've invented a new alarm clock called the "Rude Awakening." What does it do?
[Serious]People who had a premonition that something terrible was going to occur and then it actually happened what is the story?
Non Trump supporters, whats one thing you like about him/things he’s doing well? and Trump supporters what’s one thing you don’t like about him/things he’s doing?
People who’ve seen nice people finally snap, what happened?
Redditors who have family or friends in the porn industry, how has this affected your relationship with them/porn?
What’s your favorite soundtrack and why?
At the end of his 4 year term, Trump goes on live TV and rips a mask off. Who/ what has he been the whole time?
What your most embarrassing moment letting a fart out?
In your country (kindly mention), what food dish is overrated? And what would you suggest for a tourist to eat instead?
Multilingual's of Reddit, what's the saddest thing you've overheard?
Parents who had their kid run away, whats your story?
What is a toxic behavior that is disguised as virtue?
What's your opinion on what's about to happen to Hong Kong?
You are physically incapable of ever lying again, but you get $10,000,000. Do you take it, and why or why not?
What is the most absurd act of racism you have ever seen or encountered ?
What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
What didn't you learn in sex ed that should have been taught?
Doctors of reddit. What was your "how the f*ck did you survive that" moment?
What do you think is scarier, the idea that we are alone in the universe or the idea that we aren’t? Why?
Which is the worst single decision in history ever made by a person?
What are we all missing right now, because it gets overshadowed by Corona Virus news?
What are some of the most interesting 24/7 live-streaming webcams to watch from around the world?
What song immediately makes you cry as soon as you hear it and why?
What sucks about being your age?
What is something that your parents did that you swore never to repeat to your own kids?
What do you know about your workplace that you are not supposed to know?
When was the last time you cried? Why?
If you died and your body was somehow immovable and indestructible, where would you die to cause the most damage?
Window washers of reddit: what is the most memorable thing you have seen while on the job?
Children of " I want to talk to your manager" parents, what has been your most embarassing experience?
How would you feel about introducing an 'undo' function to Reddit, that takes you back to where you were, if you accidentally clicked away while scrolling?
What will you never do, even if it costs you your life?
What is the craziest thing that happened to you guys in 2020 ?
Columbine happened 20 years ago today. Redditors that were in High School at the time, what was the ensuing week like?
[Serious] What are some signs of various mental disorders that usually go unnoticed?
If you had to describe your sex life using only the title of a video game, what would it be?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the worst case of patient ignorance you've come across?
What's something about your disorder that your doctor or the DSM didn't tell you?
What will you never stop complaining about?
What gives you confidence?
If you had an embarrassing mistake, such as blooper what would it be?
What are some perfect or near-perfect 10/10 films?
Everyone talks about their favorite comfort food, but what is your go-to comfort beverage (may be alcoholic or not-- but you must be specific)?
What is an odd behaviour of yours you think only you do?
People who drive five miles per hour under the speed limit, why do you do this?
Gamers of reddit who no longer game, or don't game as much, what situation or life experience has changed your gaming habits?
What’s your reason to keep going?
What surprised you about sex after having it for the first time?
Gamers of reddit, which game made you cry after you finished it?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
What's the scariest space fact/mystery in your opinion?
What last minute gift for Christmas is always a winner?
Since Donald Trump has been President of the United States, what negative impacts has him being president caused you personally?
What would it take for you to believe aliens exist?
Movie studios often remake great films that are difficult to improve upon but what if they did the opposite? What bad film could be made into a great film if it were to be remade?
If you had the option right now to instantly gain 5 pounds of muscle, lose 10 pounds of fat, or stay the same, which would you choose and why?
What is the most hurtful thing a medical professional has ever said to you?
If your mom had the ability to change one thing about your life today, what would it be?
78% of suicide rates world wide are men, what can we do to help them?
What foods are so good you could literally eat them every day and still want more?
Americans that wear shoes inside their homes, why?
American reddit users: What do you think about Europe?
What is the weirdest thing you saw someone doing in the background of a porn scene?
What's an American problem you're too European to understand?
If you had a $100,000,000 budget for a movie, and you had to spend all of it, how would you make it as bad as possible?
What is your phone wallpaper?
What's the best candy bar?
What can you do to spice things up in the bedroom?
What game is easy to learn but also very satisfying to play?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
People who speak English as a second language, what phrases or concepts from your native tongue you want to use in English but can't because locals wouldn't understand?
You've been arrested by the police, you can call any fictional lawyer character you want as your attorney, who do you call?
People of reddit, who is that one teacher that you will always remember (good or bad) and why?
Do you believe ‘once a cheater always a cheater’- why or why not?
Around 5% of the ocean has been discovered. What do you think is out there that we haven't seen yet?
What is your default thought? When you are bored, what is the first thing you tend to fantasize about?
What made you fall in love with your significant other?
If we could Crtl+Alt+Delete and open Task Manager on ourselves, what would we find running in the background?
What is the biggest ‘butterfly effect’ in the world history that ever happened?
Sex workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest kink a customer has asked you to fulfill?
What is the most Bullshit reason for a teacher to give you a bad grade ?
Half end of 2020, What do you want this year?
Lawyers of reddit, what was one case you knew you were going to lose after you finished talking to your client?
If you could have sex with your SO but your mind is in their body and theirs is in yours would you? Why?
Photolabs workers of the past,what is the worst/most frightning/craziest/most disturbing thing you've seen on a photo you had to develop?
[serious] If you had the power to cure one and only one disease, ailment or handicap, what would it be and why?
Why are you not famous?
what's a good way to cope with anxiety?
What are your favorite movie quotes?
What is a unique phobia you have?
What is " love yourself" supposed to mean?
You choose a superpower, but every time you activate it you turn into a pig. What is it?
Guys who watched a thousand movies, who got so used on all the plots and twist, and seen almost all movie tropes, what recent movies made an impression on you?
What is the best animated movie and why?
Agents of Child Protective Services, what is the craziest/most disturbing case you've had?
What do you want your last words to be?
What about your body is flawed?
If instead of rebooting movies, retelling them from a different point of view became popular, which movie would you like retold?
What's a polite way to say "Fuck off"?
what is your hometown famous for?
If your username is the answer, what is the question?
[Serious] People who have been addicted to opioids/heroin how did you get clean? What advice would you give to someone struggling with addiction?
People of Reddit, what's the funniest/weirdest thing you've ever done/experienced?
What is something incredibly mundane about yourself, told in a way that makes it sound much more interesting than it really is?
What is the creepiest, bone chilling post on Reddit?
Psychologists, Therapists, Councilors etc: What are some things people tend to think are normal but should really be checked out?
If you were a demon, what would it take to summon you?
Which insanely popular or successful movie you secretly hate but are afraid to say if in the open fearing backlash from "fans"?
What’s that TV show you’ll always recommend your friends to watch?
In Canada, we have bagged milk..What is your countries “bagged milk”?
What's the worst defense you've seen someone make in a court?
What’s the funnest/most thrilling crime to commit?
What are you super nerdy about?
Parents who kiss their children on lips, why?
What if all settlements for police brutality came out of the police union pension fund? Doesn't solve the problem, but wouldn't it be an effective first step to encourage true self-regulation?
Do you think life has a meaning? If yes, what is it? If no, why not?
If WW1 really was the 'war to end all wars', where would humanity be at now?
why did you join Reddit?
Parents who have caught their children watching porn, how did you handle it?
Has someone ever saved your life? and if so, how?
Depressed, suicidal, or otherwise extremely downtrodden members of reddit: what is your go-to quote, phrase, or particular memory in life that keeps you going?
What is perfectly acceptable in a small town but not in a big city?
When eating Pringles, how many do you put in your mouth at the same time?
What song did you fall in love with the moment you heard it?
What is a overrated movie you absolutely hate?
People who were born in a country that no longer exists (I.e Soviet Union) what was it like losing your country?
Your username is your sexual fantasy, what is your kink?
What movie death scene is seared into your memory?
If someone borrowed your body for a week, what quirks would you tell them about so they are prepared?
How hard would it be for police to have state-issued licenses so "bad apples" can't just hop to nearby departments if/when fired?
When has a gut feeling saved your life? [Serious]
People of reddit, what made you stop liking your crush?
You're given the option to drop what you have and return to 12/31/2011 as yourself at that age, but with the extra 8 years of experience. Do you take it? Why or why not?
What causes people to become obsessed with Korean culture after watching k pop?
You wake up in the year 2100. What civil rights movements are happening?
What’s the most “I’m turning into my parents” moment for you?
What was a house rule you had as a kid that you thought was completely normal until you grew up and realized not all households followed?
If you could instantly be fluent in any one language that you do not currently know, which would you choose?
Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
Which celebrity comes off as fake and un-genuine?
Homeowners of Reddit, when you bought your home how did you know it was “the one”?
Where do you go on your dream holiday/vacation?
What's Something Your Family Doesn't Know About You?
A random person is brought forward in time from the 1st century and you are in charge of showing them the world. Assuming you have infinite funds and can communicate with each other, what would you want to show them?
What if you suddenly feel a touch on the shoulder following with the words: "are you sleeping during my class?". You open your eyes and you are at your 7th grade math class, all of the life leading up to this point was just a dream and you are a 7th grader. What are your thoughts?
0.1% doesn't seem much, however, What would horribly, catastrophically, go wrong if it was off by 0.1%?
Who is your favorite MARVEL character and why?
What looked amazing in the ads, but turned out to be useless after you bought it?
You're being interrogated and so far you've held strong. What song do they play on repeat that breaks you?
Redditors with experience in taking LSD, what is something you wish you knew before trying it out for the first time?
It’s the year 2050 and the term “ok millennial” is trending. What are the reasons the young generation is using it?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
The “nails on a chalkboard” feeling is called “grima;” what else gives you grima?
Adults of reddit, what is something you should have mastered by now, but failed to do so?
If you had to crash your own funeral, how would you do it?
What TV shows do you all like? Can anybody recommend some?
Reddit, what was the moment you lost respect for someone close in in your life?
What non sexual behavior arouses you?
Have you ever attempted to let out a fart silently in public only to have summoned a Harley Davidson out of your rear? If so whats the story?
What's the greatest movie that you'll never watch again?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
What's your favorite song that's upbeat musically but sad lyrically?
What is a lie you were told growing up?
What's a lie most people believe in nowadays ?
People living in small towns, what’s the recent scandal?
What do you do to protect yourself from data collection and privacy related vulnerabilities?
What’s the longest you have gone without bathing?
soldiers who've been in combat, do people have as bad aim as they do in war movies?
What does your username say about you?
Which conspiracy theory do you believe is true?
What’s your favorite curse word that’s not from your native language?
What song is short, but amazing?
How do you train your mind not to worry what others may think of you?
which character has a legitimately sad and not annoyingly edgy backstory?
Redditors around the world, what is the biggest misconception about your country/culture?
What sentence can you come up with that you believe has never been said before?
Mosquitos have been (mostly) the same for roughly 45 million years. What other modern day species have remained virtually unchanged for millennia?
What little thing made you smile today?
What's your favorite Disney conspiracy theory?
You get 24 hours to prepare, and you get paid $10,000 to stay in your room for an entire week with no internet/data connection/television. Can't leave. Do you do it? And if so, what do you do in the meantime?
Reddit, what is a legendary comment thread that everyone should read?
What is something super important that is on the verge of happening?
Protestors, what is the most wholesome thing you've seen while protesting?
Depressed people of Reddit, what's your go-to "I want to wallow in my melancholy" song?
What's something you absolutely refuse to wear and why?
What is a word people always use incorrectly?
Police Officers of reddit, do you know when another cop is a bad apple? Are you encouraged to say something?
What celebrity can you not stand whatsoever?
What's a place easy to enter, but hard to exit?
Pizza delivery drivers of reddit, what was the most fucked up place you’ve ever stopped at?
What is something that works in real-life but not in movies?
How would Trump have handled 9/11?
What is the most scary fact you know?
Who is a random passerby/interaction that you will never forget but you are sure they don't remember you?
Are you ever nervous while going through airport security, if yes why?
What video game are you currently playing?
If each fruit was its own brand, what would some of their slogans be?
Medical workers of Reddit, what were the most haunting last words you’ve heard from a patient?
Women of Reddit, what is the most memorable compliment you have received from a man?
High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
What are you supposed to do while happy birthday is being sung to you?
What could you give a 30 minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
[Serious] What was your first video game?
What brands or companies are actually evil?
If you could tell Donald Trump anything what would you say?
If you had a disease that made you sleep for five years and after you wake up you see that 99% of men were dead, how would you react?
What is the 'leaving a shopping cart in the parking lot' of your profession?
People who wear shoes without socks, why?
With Chuck E Cheese going bankrupt, what is your favorite memory from the funhouse?
What are things you do at night you wouldn't do in the day?
Moderators of reddit,what was the most insane/bad person you had to ban from *add subreddit* ?
How would you feel about a ‘None of the above’ option in elections. If that option wins, the election will be held again with new candidates?
You time-travel from the year 2018 to 2020. You go outside and see everything closed and the streets empty. What's your reaction ? What do you assume happened ?
What’s the craziest reason you had to fire someone?
Without saying the title, how does your favorite movie end?
Daughters of reddit, what is something you wish your father knew about girls when you were growing up?
Who is the most useless fictional character?
Everyone is a little bit prejudiced. What is your prejudice?
Anyone ever received/handled fan mail? What did you do with it?
What's the weirdest subreddit you can find?
If 2020 was a game, what would be the Final Boss?
What animal would make a great driver?
Why are you still not in a relationship?
Do you watch anime in subs or dub? What's more preferable?
People who separated/divorced within one year of getting married: When did you know it was a mistake?
What could be either an insult or a compliment depending on the context?
When you die, you go to Heaven, but you can only hang out with people who died in the exact same way as you. How are you going to try to go out?
What do straight people think of gays?
What is a song you like that hardly anyone else has ever heard?
Who is a family member you hate but can't say because someone(or more) else likes them?
people who donate a lot of money to streamers, whats your job? why are you so generous?
You become a jedi what do you do?
Doctors of reddit, what is the weirdest thing a patient wouldn't admit ?
What random opinion do you have of literally anything?
What are you going to do with your mask once the pandemic ends?
What are some suprising, wtf, nsfw facts to spice someones day[NSFW]?
If your handwriting was a font what would it be called?
People who are 40+ and happy with their life, what is your advice to people in their 20s?
How did you come up with your username?
If you could get the real-ass answer to any question or mystery in the world, what would you want to know?
Do you need a virtual hug? What's wrong?
Have you ever been “romantically” involved with a sociopath(ASPD diagnosed)? If so, is it actually a traumatising experience? What is it like?
What's a true fact that people refuse to believe?
What do you believe happens when you die?
What type of bender from Avatar: The Last Airbender would you like to be and why?
How many fellow Redditors can write a positive comment in the comments for some people who need to see it?
What song would you blast if you were involved in a high speed chase?
You have made a hypothetical musical instrument named after your username. What does it do?
What's a TV series that everyone should give a go?
What is the worst thing to step on with your barefoot?
How do you control yourself when you are full of rage and want to keep calm?
People who have been in a coma, what was it like from your perspective? Did you know you were in a coma?
What is something that you hated until you tried it?
Harry Potter fans, why can't you guys just shut the fuck up, forever?
What’s a popular city you have visited that you feel is waaay overrated?
If you were offered the chance to, would you like to live infinitely? Why (not)?
What movie would get better if it got rebooted?
Men with common girls names, what are your struggles?
How does reddit work? Have had it for about a month and still dont really get it?
What obscure phobias do you have?
What are the must-see, most legendary reddit threads?
What is a movie you find terrible but critics seem to love?
What is the best "so bad it's good" movie?
What’s something you hated as a kid but now love?
[serious] Redditors, what do you think people think about your country?
Other than doing the homework while the teacher is collecting it, what’s an “extreme sport”?
There is a murderer in your house and he is going to come in your room in 1 minute, what do you do?
Baby carrots are NOT baby carrots, but they're larger carrots whittled down to look like smaller carrots. What other facts have you learned that make your life feel like a lie?
A ghost will haunt you forever. You can choose who he/she was before dying. Who's your ghost?
(NSFW) Men of Reddit, what is your method for lasting longer in bed?
If You Could Completely Remove One Company From The World Which One Would It Be?
What’s something the internet killed that you miss?
Pansexuals of Reddit, what is your favorite type of pan to cook with and why?
Straight people of Reddit, when and how did you realize that you like the opposite sex?
What is your favourite video game opening cutscene/level?
What is a woman?
How did you find out you got cheated on?
What is a smell that reminds you of your childhood and why?
We're all sitting around the virtual campfire, toasting marshmallows, making s'mores, and telling campfire stories. It's now your turn, what's your story?
People who shoved their school papers in their backpack with no binder/folder etc, Where are you now?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done while drunk?
Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what is the most insane (evil, funny, dumb) way a spouse has tried to screw the other?
Redditors who choose to be single: What made you decide to stay single?
which behaviors or anything girls do but they don't want her husband to know?
What would you do if you found out that everything is made up and the points don’t matter?
[Serious] How do you cope with severe anxiety?
What would be the worst flavour of ice cream?
Say it gets confirmed we live in The Matrix, what are some glitches in life that you discovered?
What causes people to believe in ghosts?
Do you think aliens exist? Why?
People who watch security cameras for a living, what creepy things have you tried to forget?
What are the weirdest conspiracy theories you have ever heard?
What a childhood meal you loved as a kid, but find disgusting as an adult?
Military personnel of reddit, what were you doing when Constantinople needed you?
You are offered $1,000,000 USD if you can hide a pair of car keys from the entirety of the FBI force for 7 days. Where do you hide the keys?
What's a song you like as a kid, but hate now as an adult?
Older generations of Reddit, who were the "I don't use computers" people of your time?
If there was afterlife, what would make you mad seeing your family/freinds do after your death?
What are the chances that Mr. Bean is an alien based on the show’s opening scene?
At a party you meet drunken Elon Musk who hands you his phone with Twitter open, says "do your worst" and goes to the bathroom. What do you tweet?
How close have you been to death and what happened?
What are some recent scientific breakthroughs/discoveries that aren’t getting enough attention?
What "life hack" did you try, but totally failed?
If the headline "Celebrity outed as serial killer" appeared, who would you expect it to be about?
Your username becomes a real being with a human mind and it spawns in your house, what is the outcome ?
If you had to eat at the same fast food chain everyday for the rest of your life with no consequences (gaining weight, pimples, cost etc.) which one would you choose?
What's a useful alternative to self-harming?
What’s the adult version of “there is no Santa Claus”?
With all the talk about walking out of Holmes and Watson, what movies have you walked out on?
What is your 2018 video game recommendation of the year?
Hunters of Reddit, what did you see out there that made you not want to go back into the woods?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be ?
What is an emotion that you have never experienced?
People of Reddit who work in a casino, what’s some of the saddest moments you witnessed?
"Normal" redditors that dated a celebrity, what was it like?
What are some cheat codes you've found in the game of life?
Ex-smokers of reddit, what gave you that final push to quit?
What is the best oxymoron you know?
People with 1 TB phones. What do you use all that space for?
What is your favourite alcoholic drink?
The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for?
What smells aromatically good but taste like shit?
Sign language Users of reddit. What is a common sign you see people do without being aware they are doing it?
What did a school teacher say that stuck with you?
You wake up to find that your entire search history has been leaked to everyone you know. How screwed are you?
Your girlfriend is telling you she wants a open relationship. What do you do?
What do you like but reddit hates?
Would you take a 50/50 chance at $5,000,000 or death? Why or why not?
Your username is the next disaster of 2020, what happens?
Those who failed their drivers test, what went wrong?
If you were the last person left in the world, what would you do?
What is something, that no matter how hard you try, you'll never understand?
Which historical figure sounds made up?
Teachers of reddit, have any of your former student tried to offer you a job where the student is your boss? What was your reaction?
What’s your best childhood memory? Why?
[Serious] Have you ever been somewhere or met someone that just felt... off? If so, what's your story?
How do guys feel about girls making the first move?
Judgement free zone. Folks in areas that recommend wearing a mask but choose not to, why don't you?
People who post NSFW pics on Reddit, have you even been approached by a "fan", if so how did it go?
How much difference would $25,000 usd make in your life?
How do you turn off the ‘Suggested post’ crap Reddit decodes is right for you?
What's the worst thing to say to the person next to you in a urinal?
God is retiring, and asks you to permanently replace him. What is the first thing you do as the new God?
What’s the dumbest injury you’ve ever got?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was your “oh shit” moment in court?
How do you disbelieve people hate you in general?
For the people browsing Reddit right now to kill time, what are you waiting for?
How has online dating worked for you?
What were you bullied for in school?
[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
What are some bizzarely specific Guinness World Records?
What sentence can be completely normal if said in one place, but is really NOT ok if said in another?
There are two types of people in the world. Who are they?
skyscraper window cleaners of reddit, what is most bizarre thing you’ve ever seen on the job?
What gift never goes wrong?
What song gets you every time you listen to it?
Mechanics of Reddit what is the strangest issue with a motor vehicle?
What’s the most amazing thing about the universe?
Would you lie down and let a dozen cute fluffy happy affectionate purring kittens crawl all over you and find a comfortable spot to fall asleep right now? Why or why not?
what is something you find sexy about a man or woman?
What kind of dumb superpower would you choose?
What will be your dying words?
What is the worst possible thing you can think of regarding rule 34?
People of Reddit, since this will probably be turned into one of those text-to-voice Ask Reddit YouTube videos, what is a phrase you have always wanted to hear that British Robot Man say?
Redditers who sort by new, how do you know it's a banger when you see it?
Do you think aliens exist? Why or why not?
Guys, how do you handle a breakup that you got hurt in?
You're a reverse robber. You break into peoples home and leave stuff to confuse families. What things do you leave?
Redditors who add onto an elaborate fantasy world/story while falling asleep, what is the story?
What's a common saying that annoys you?
Redditors who had a crush or became in love with their best friend, what's your story?
What is the most powerful scene in a movie for you?
What’s your favourite Movie soundtrack?
What healthy food tastes just as good as unhealthy food?
People of reddit, what song is your guilty pleasure?
What the f**k are you supposed to do when having happy birthday sung to you?
What film role was 100% perfectly cast?
What is it you can't do anymore because it doesn't exist?
What country would be the worst to accidentally purchase a one-way plane ticket to?
What is the most horrific event that you have personally witnessed?
Gamers of Reddit. What is something about the gaming community that you find to be repulsive, annoying, or cringey?
If there was a company that did historical tours via time travel, what trips would be in high demand?
What can make 2020 even worse?
You're 12 years old again, it is 1am at night, your parents aren't home, you got lots of snacks ready and your friends are over. What is the game you play?
What are the signs there is sexual trafficking involved in a porno?
Because of an epidemic Earth is going back into the Middle Ages. Only 1% of the population is still alive, and there's no electricity. What skills or items do you have to help you survive the longest?
Students of reddit, What was your most Madlad moment of highschool?
Students of Reddit, have you ever lost your temper with a teacher? What's your story?
Identical twins of reddit who own a pet after living seperately; what was your pet's reaction when it saw two owners?
How often would you say people really pee in public pools? Is it safe and does the chlorine kill any bacteria?
Who's the worst actor?
Multilingual people of reddit, what languages can you speak?
[Serious] What are some of the biggest mistakes people can make in their 20s?
Singles of Reddit, why are you single?
What are common things to say that participate nothing to a conversation?
Ex-Friends of a Serial Killer What Were They Like?
What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?
What don't you think someone knows what it means?
What do you do when your parents fight in front of you?
What's your favourite “A man walks into a bar” joke?
What's a perfectly legal thing that'd get you killed if done 100 years ago or further?
In Chinese there is a saying “He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.” When did this apply to you?
When parent's get divorced shouldn't be they the ones that go to the house where the kid lives, instead of the kid having to change houses every week or so?
What words do you hate?
If you could teleport yourself into that one book, which one would it be and how would you live your life?
Men of reddit, what is that one “girly” song that you sing with enthusiasm while alone, but would never want your buddies to know?
What's your favourite part about the country you live in?
What historical figure would you like to have a chat with ?
Teachers of Reddit when did you realise a kid was gifted?
what are the downsides of weed that people don't talk about ?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
How would you turn golf into a contact sport?
Men who frequent strip clubs- Why?
What is the nicest compliment a stranger gave you?
If you could choose, what would be your last words?
[serious] people who explore abandoned places what’s the creepiest thing you found?
How would you feel if the only thing we knew about presidential candidates was their stance on issues...no information on party, name, gender, race, or religious beliefs (or lack thereof)?
Have you ever felt you don't know/have forgotten who you really are? That you've spent years just adapting to surroundings to make life easier and don't know what's the real you anymore? If so, how did you overcome this?
What’s the worst CGI you’ve ever seen in a live action film?
What is the fastest way to be the most hated person at a new job as 'the new guy'?
What is something you are addicted to but is not considered a drug?
Which country is more open to accepting workers from other countries given you’ve the necessary experience and skills?
Pineapple on pizza? Why or why not?
How spicy can you eat?
What’s something that you like, but hate the fan base?
Shy/introverted people of Reddit: what is the furthest you’ve ever gone to avoid human interaction?
How many times do you think you’ve pooped?
What is your "never again" brand, store, restaurant, or company?
What is something you consider yourself pretty above-average at?
What dire warning from your parents turned out to be bullshit?
Girls, what you want all the guys to know?
In America, names like John and Mary are known as common names. What are the "John" and "Mary" names of other countries?
You are tasked with creating a new type of scam what is it and how does it work?
Vigilantes now roam the streets in search of criminals, only instead of Batman it is Florida Man. How would criminals be treated if Florida Men are now the primary dealer of justice?
Everyone’s sexual fantasy comes true tonight. Forgot technicalities. What does the world look like tomorrow?
Priests have been reported for violating little boys way more than little girls. Why do they overwhelmingly prefer boys over girls?
What celebrity death, in your life time, hit you the hardest?
What is a survival myth that is completely wrong and could get you killed?
What is the worst thing that happened to you in 2020?
What's the most overrated thing in your opinion?
What's your favorite videogame of the past 5 or so years?
What is the coolest thing you've ever done?
What news headline shocked you the most and why?
Why are you getting the PS5?
You’re picking up someone from middle school. What absolute banger do you pull up blaring to embarrass them mercilessly?
If you were a bean, what type of bean would you be?
[NSFW] If your gender was flipped and you remained the same level of attractiveness in the other gender would you have sex with yourself, if yes, why?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 1 quadrillion ants. If there was to be an ant rebellion, how would you kill your 133,333 ants?
What is your witty comeback in an online argument?
What's the biggest sign that someone hates you?
Paranormal believers of reddit, what made you believe? (Serious)
Saran Wrap used to cling better because of a harmful chemical they removed for public health, which other products used to be better for their specific purpose, but are worse now in favor of public health and safety?
You wake up after being unplugged from the matrix with Morpheus and Trinity standing over you. They only refer to you by your Reddit username. What was the machines’ plan for your character?
You are making a music tour called the "Cockholes and butt farts tour". You can bring 4 acts on tour, who do you choose?
What kind of teenage bullshit probably happened at Hogwarts that wasn’t mentioned in the Harry Potter books?
What did you not understand as a kid, but you now understand as an adult?
Blind people of reddit, how do you fanatize porn?
What was your first encounter with utter bullshit during your childhood?
Does the general population know what the real impact of Covid-19 has had on healthcare workers?
What's a thing that you want but not need?
Mariners of Reddit, what’s the strangest thing you’ve seen out on the open ocean? [Serious]
Hey Canadians! How many think we should drop the British Monarchy after the Queen passes away?
Redditors who have done long jail sentences, what was the biggest world changes to you?
[Serious] What are some unique or interesting questions you can ask somebody to get to know them before dating?
What older (5yr+) video games do you love and believe has stood the test of time?
What game do you like with everyone else hates?
How can we all be better people?
Do you think Trump will get re-elected? Why? Why not?
What is 2020’s theme song?
Former prisoners of reddit how are you trying to change?
How do you ruin a funeral by bringing only 1 item?
You have 10000$ to spend in 1hr, in what ways will you spend it?
Old people and babies have a distinct smell. So name any type of person and how they smell like? (Person Example-age/Karen/kyle/movie characters/famous person/anyone you think of)?
You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 1000 years - would you accept and what would you do?
What is the operational definition of the word "matter" as it pertains to the BLM movement?
What “classic” books don’t really hold up?
What anime shows would you recommend for someone who doesn't watch much anime?
If the 1920's were known as the "roaring twenties," what do you think the 2020's will be known for?
What's something that you've never learned to do?
What's the worst pick-up line of all time?
If you took two completely different subreddits and combined them, what would the resulting subreddit be?
What's the best way to wake up someone who gets extremely irritated and angry if you disturb them in their sleep?
You will get $10 million cash but Samuel L Jackson will be there to shout "motherfucker" for every dollar you spend, will you be happy? And Why?
Ladies of reddit: what is a disclaimer that you wish all guys would know?
What would you do if the fire nation attacked?
You can be any human that's alive, in who do you transform? What would you do?
Why are you so attached to your iPhone?
If somehow everyone woke up tomorrow with the same skin color (let's go with blue), would that be the end of racism? Why or why not?
Your favourite movie has now got fuck or fucking added to the title. What is the name of the movie?
Nothing is infinite right, but what about time, when did time "start", like what's the furthest point back could time go. And also, what was before that time, or what will be once it ends?
What do you hate that everyone else seems to love?
What’s an invention that’s still around today but has lost sight of its original purpose?
What's the dumbest thing you've done trying to impress someone?
What worries you most about the future?
What is a "What the fuck did I just listen to" song?
What do you think is something completely normalized in society that shouldn’t be?
Instead of giving presents, Santa now puts things that you lost, or were stolen from you, under the tree. What would you be the most excited to see under the tree?
If you had to have a scar on a part of your body, where would you put it and why?
Hair stylists of Reddit, what’s the hardest haircuts or styles to make?
You are given a button that will make you very attractive ,but every Friday you turn into the opposite gender for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
What was your best birthday party?
If someone offered you $2m to watch one movie for 48 hours straight, could you do it and what would it be?
Why are you so quiet ?
Which movies/series today are way ahead of this time?
What do you think about the Myka Stauffer drama? If you don't know she adopted a special needs kid from China had him for 2 years and made youtube videos about him and then she returned/rehomed him... ?
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What is your favorite movie ending you’ve ever seen, and why?
What song did you fall in love with not because of the original, but because of a cover?
Russians of reddit, what is the older generations opinion on the USSR?
Reddit, what is one thing that makes someone a better person?
How did you react to your first panic attack?
A witch puts a curse on you, every time you fart everyone hears the sound effect of your choosing— Redditors, what sound do you choose?
Lawyers of Reddit, what’s the worst way you’ve seen a person screw over someone else in court whether it be criminal, civil, or divorce proceedings?
What's a secret you won't share with anyone in person, but you are willing to share anonymously?
If you were forced to choose, would you rather be a chain smoker, a meth addict, an alcoholic, or gain 150 pounds - and why?
If you could go back in time 10,000 years ago and make a cave painting to confuse everyone in the future; what would you draw?
What are the spookiest audio or video clips on the internet?
What's the worst way to break up with someone?
What's the strangest thing you or a family member owns?
Which animal smells the worst?
How would you best describe people's behaviour in the first half of 2020?
You are trapped in your most hated persons body, you have 48 hours to ruin their life. You may not kill or be killed. What will you do?
Older generations of Reddit, what is something that is possible today that you would have thought was science fiction when you were younger?
Redditors who have been in a coma, what's something that you heard (while in coma) from a family member or a friend that you shouldn't have?
People often mistakenly say ‘a full 360’ when they really mean someone turning their behaviour only the opposite way. When have you actually seen/done a full 360 in your life?
If you could play a song to the world, and every single person had to listen, what would it be?
For people who don't answer anything, why are you up-voting a post but not answering the post ?
Women of reddit, what do men do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
[Serious] Redditors who have been to therapy, what is the differences between going to a therapist and talking it out with someone you really trust?
What is your nickname?
What non-sexual thoughts have distracted you during sex ?
Parents of reddit, what is the worst thing that happened at a bring your kid to work day?
[Serious] Bully victims of Reddit, when was one time they took it too far?
What's the best way to waste $100?
Redditors of Reddit... What song would you want to die to?
If life had a loading screen, what game tips would it display?
What do you think is the single greatest photograph in history?
What is a life changing move that you'd make in a heartbeat? Why?
LGBT folks... how are y'all holding up this fine pride?
With everyone becoming so much more political, have you been shocked of anyone and their views or opinions not being what you'd expect of them?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch at least once?
People who were Religious before you did DMT how did it change your views on religion?
Extroverts of Reddit, how do you socialize with others during quarantine? Has quarantine affected your lifestyle in terms of socializing? If so why?
What's an alcoholic drink you invented?
People who own dogs who bark themselves into exhaustion every day for no damn reason......how we ganna fix this?
Tomorrow you wake up to find yourself in the year 2005. You are your younger self at this period in time, but you have all the knowledge of the skills you learned as well as the events that happen over the next decade and a half. What is your course of action?
What’s the most impressive insult you’ve ever heard?
Do you think video games should be discussed in school just like books and movies are? What games would be interesting to interpret or discuss as pieces of art and why?
When did you feel bad for an inanimate object and why?
What are the best subreddits that are 100% non-political?
Your username is now what you do for a living. How has your life changed?
Sex workers of reddit, who was the grossest customer you’ve had?
What is your opinion on virtual reality?
How would you feel about the legalization of sex work in the US?
What is your biggest disappointment in life?
For those people who are always late, why?
[Serious] Without providing spoilers, which TV Show has the best plot twists?
Who would you call if you caught bigfoot?
Which propaganda effort was so successful, people still believe it today?
What's the last kind thing you did for yourself?
How do you think future generations will view this pandemic?
To that person who is constantly refreshing the “new” sections looking for a good question to answer; what got you to where you are right now?
Ladies of Reddit, is having boobs more of a positive or a negative? Why?
What's something good that's happened in 2020?
What's the worst fandom?
What is a good starter video game for a middle aged man who has never really played before?
What was the name of the first video game you’ve ever played?
[Serious]Former teens who went to wilderness camps, therapeutic boarding schools and other "troubled teen" programs, what were your experiences?
Do people actually have sex in random bedrooms at house parties? Why would any host leave their bedrooms unlocked?
Now that quarintine is coming to an end for the select few and more, what are some habits or practices you hope to keep doing from now on?
You’re getting cucked by your own dad. What do you do?
What are some of your fav subreddits?
What are some goals for a teen to save money/coins?
What is the best movie quote you have ever heard?
Why do you like to be alone?
What is the most difficult concept for the human mind to comprehend?
What was the worst/weirdest thing you microwaved?
What is the scariest/most bizarre sleep paralysis you've had?
On April 1st everyone gets a text on their phone saying “April Fools! Sorry about the beginning of the year, let’s retry that” and we get sent back to January 1st 2020, what’s the first thing humanity should do?
What is something you thought was common sense or common knowledge when you were younger but found out wasn’t when you grew up?
If you were a celebrity, what would you get cancelled for?
Airplane sleepers, what’s your secret?
What is one event that completely changed your life? [serious]
[NSFW] Guys who actually bought the “you won’t last 5 minutes playing this game” game from the ads from porn, what was it? What happened? Was it a scam?
What is the quickest way to get fired?
Non-politicians, how would you feel about limiting all members of congress to an hourly wage of $14.50 (double the federal minimum wage) and holding them accountable to a minimum of 40 hours of work per week?
What is considered socially unacceptable for no reason?
People who live alone but still poop with the door closed, why?
What is better than sex?
What movie was before its time and why?
[Serious] when was a time you were nearly certain that you were going to die?
What movie scene scarred you as a child?
If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
Besides eating cereal with water what is the most outrageous "eating sin" you have ever witnessed?
What is one thing you like that everyone else hates?
Do you believe in aliens, Why or why not?
What song is in your head right now?
What fucked up experiment would you think would be interesting but you won’t do because of your ethics?
What is your strange hobby?
“Flammable” and “inflammable” mean the same thing. What other things are confusing about the English language?
What would be the worst thing to say to the person in the stall next to yours in a public toilet?
Do you think landlords should be open to being lenient on rent in a crisis like this (pending proof of lack of employment)? Why/why not?
What quote do you live your life by?
What is something you are good at, but for a reason you aren't necessarily proud of?
What is the best do at home while you're in quarantine?
[Serious] Non-Americans, what do you think of the protests in the U.S. right now? What kind of media coverage about them is there in your country?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
What simple thing can you do to make your life better?
What is something you once thought was normal behavior, but later realized was a microaggression?
Question for anthropologist redditors: How do aboriginal tribes that use little or no clothing deal with unwanted erections?
Redditors who are planning on quitting their job with a grand exit, what is your plan?
What improvements would you make to human genitals?
You’re in a public bathroom, someone tries to open the door, what do you say to make the situation super awkward?
What's your favourite insult?
What was the dumbest thing you thought as a child?
When did "fake it until you make it" backfire?
What are some of the most toxic or potentially dangerous ideas/beliefs that have been perpetuated by Redditors?
How would you handle it if someone in strange clothing you've never seen before asked you, "What year is it?"
You're looking out your window and you spot a monkey in the trees, watching you with a pair of binoculars. When you spot him, he gives a military hand signal to several other monkeys and they all disappear into the trees. What do you do?
what is a fun fact that is mildly disturbing?
What would you rate 10 / 10 in this world?
What would be the worst names for twins?
What kind of music is your daily dose of eargasm?
You wake up in Kim Jong Un's body. You can speak and understand Korean. Without getting assassinated by your commanders, how do you transition North Korea and its people from an Orwellian state of despair to a prosperous nation so you can then ride your fame to launch your career in music?
What food sounds beyond fucking good right now?
What was the most painful injury that happened to you in the past 6 months?
What question did you post on askreddit that you still want answers to because it got barely any responses?
What is so simple, it's difficult?
What animated character do you find attractive?
What is the most disturbing thing to happen at your school?
If someone says “I love you” but you’re not ready to say it back, how do you respond?
Tattoo artists, what pieces are you tired of doing?
Whats the one thing that you thought was easy but turned out to be extremely difficult when you actually attempted it?
People who speak more than one language, what conversations have you understood/eavesdropped on when the opposite party had no idea you could?
What is your favourite videogame and why?
What are some NSFW history facts that Don't get taught in school ?
Reddit, what's become clear to you as you've gotten older?
[Serious] Which regional English dialect do you speak?
What is your favorite sone that you can't sing because it is not in your native language?
What’s was the best opening song to a movie?
What is the best way to let someone youre interested in them, without saying it directly?
Can People who smile all the time actually be going through a lot or in a bad mental state? What are your thoughts on this?
Teachers who have had to clean out students lockers, what’s the worst/weirdest/grossest thing you’ve found in them?
Who is your favorite historical figure?
What song do you listen to in private but would be embarrassed of if your friends heard it by pulling your headphones out?
Parents of reddit, what is most fucked up secret you are hiding from your children?
What's a song you love from a genre you don't?
What are some NOT fun facts?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you ever came across?
What’s really in Area51?
Men of Reddit. What are some mistakes women make during sex?
Healthcare workers in the US, how do you feel about the lifting of lockdown restrictions across the country?
You get to reset the pay for every job in society. What do you do?
People of reddit, what is cute for a one year old to do, but not for a 8 year old?
What if you knew your name?
What’s the most pointless thing you can buy?
What "food sins" do you actually enjoy?
Men of Reddit, what are somethings a mom should know while raising a boy?
People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?
Guys of Reddit, what are some obvious signs you like a girl?
What celebrity death, in our lifetime, hit you the hardest?
People from that one post in AskReddit, what is your opinion on sorting by new?
It turns out that your current life is abstract and you’re in a coma. Once you wake up, the life you always fantasized about is your reality. How is your life like?
When will someone make a youtube ads Reddit?
People of r/AskReddit, why do you keep asking sex questions every 5 minutes?
How do you learn to love yourself?
What is something that is rapidly disappearing, but nobody would really miss in actuality?
[Serious] What is a complete deal breaker in starting a relationship?
What were your high’s and lows of this week?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
What was a food you tried that initially looked weird, but acutally tasted amazing?
What word(s) should make a comeback?
Why to motorcycle drivers/passengers choose not to wear a helmet and/or armor, even though it is legally not required to to do?
Your handwriting is now a font. What's it called?
What's your favorite movie quote?
What is the weirdest word from another language?
Americans of Reddit, why are you up?
Girls who 'are not like other girls' what makes you special?
What are some popular conspiracy theories that have been proved?
[Serious] lawyers, what's a case you regretted winning ?
[serious] What is something that you personally need to hear from someone else right now?
What fictional place, person or thing do you wish was real?
What overused YouTube comment do you HATE seeing?
You get $1,000,000 however, it's because $100 is taken from 10,000 random people. If nobody knows that you got the money, would you do it, why/why not?
The reaper's attribute is the scythe because of the times his picture was established in - for medieval people a scythe would be easy to understand, as it shows he takes people's lives easily, just as they cut down crops. What would he wield today?
What do you do with the bodies of pets that have passed?
What was the First Video Game you guys ever played?
It's 69 days until 4/20/20. How do you feel?
What is the worst pick up line that you have heard/used?
What if 2020 was a liquor, what would it be?
For those who were suicidal for having no reason to live -- no friends, no SO, no children, and no career or hobbies-- what finally made you not suicidal? What ended the constant suffering?
What does your username say about your personality?
What fast food place is the absolute worst?
If humans lived to be 500 years old, what hobbies would you get around to getting good at?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing your child has done in public?
What BS are you dealing with at work right now?
What everyday household items are actually way more dangerous than we give them credit for?
Satan opens “Heck”, a lighter version of Hell. What kinds of torture are in it?
Surgeons of reddit, what’s the weirdest object you’ve had to remove from someone’s butt?
If you could spend a day in someone else’s shoes, whose would they be ? Why ?
If you could pick one state to be kicked out of the USA, which one would it be?
What do you wish people would stop complaining about?
You wake up in your bed and you’re only 12 years old, everything since was just a dream but you have the knowledge of your older self. What do you do differently?
If you were ultra-rich, what frivolous service would you pay for?
What are some useful facts to survive in certain situations?
People who have experienced Hyper-hydration (water overdose), what symptoms did you experience and how did it happen?
Psychiatrists/psychologists/therapists/doctors of reddit - what was the most dangerous moment you have lived through while with a patient?
What’s one thing that could totally revolutionize the world?
Which extinct species would you bring back, if you have the power?
What's the best advice you've ever received for making a sandwich better?
What have you done that’s made you doubt your sanity?
We create a sentient artificial intelligence and the first thing it does is switch itself off. How does the world react?
What about the future scares you the most?
Students of reddit, what is your favorite Zoom story so far?
Men, what would you do if you wake up with two dicks?
Hey Reddit, what metal bands are you listening to right now?
What's something anyone can learn easily in a few days/weeks?
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
Which basic knowledge did you totally forget for a moment?
What is the wierdest movie title you have ever heard?
Asuming that the video game logic of every town having its own theme music is applied to the real world, what song/genre/music from any video game do you think your home town would have?
What is the cringiest "Directed by Robert B. Weide" Moment of your life till now?
Barbers of Reddit, what's the biggest tip you've ever received?
They just named a drink after you. What is it called?
Trump magically loses all of his money, what’s the first thing he tweets?
What is a way to measure the distance to an object (10-30m) outside your house, without leaving your house?
What’s a weird or uncommon fear that you have?
If you could teach the entire world just one concept, what would it be?
LGBT religious people, how do you reconcile your identity and your religion?
What your best worst pick up line that worked ?
Have you ever found a story you posted on Reddit in a YouTube video? What happened?
You are in your 20s and still you act like a kid? Why? What makes you do that?
What’s something you’re glad your friend introduced you to?
Guys, what is something girls think you won't notice or know, but you actually do?
Hotel staff of Reddit, how often do you catch people nude in the halls and what's your best story? [NSFW]
Which children's movie is actually sad /disturbing?
What unimpressive superpower would make you a billionaire?
Without saying the title, what’s your favorite video game?
What dream you wish it never ended and why?
if life were a video game how would you get power ups?
What other minor nuisance can top wearing wet socks?
What small thing makes you automatically distrust someone?
What color Skittle is the best?
Dear people of reddit, What is something you don't think people should do?
What would you do if, suddenly, EVERY expense dropped by 90% in costs and your wage stayed exactly the same? How would you live life differently?
[Serious] Americans that have moved to Canada- what was the transition like? Any pointers for someone starting to look into it?
What was your favorite age you've been so far, and why?
What's something that isn't a crime but should be?
What are some reasons you might feel like running away from everything for a fresh start all on your own?
People with reddit gold, how does it feels?
What do most people go through their whole lives not knowing?
Teachers of Reddit, have you seen those memes complaining about teachers doing nothing to solve bullying but being really serious about minor rule breaks? If so, what are your thoughts on it?
What’s the most futuristic thing that exists right now?
People who can go to bed and wake up feeling energized and refreshed, how do you do it?
What is a "good problem to have"?
You are now naked. How much trouble are you in?
Older people of Reddit, what was the equivalent of teaching your grandparents to use the internet, when you were growing up?
What screams "I have zero self confidence" ?
What were you doing, in this same time of the year, 10 years ago?
What's a movie you love, but if someone said they hated it you would completely understand why?
There is a well known saying that goes "Always give the hardest job to the laziest person because they will find the easiest way to do it" what is the best real-life example to this you have seen?
People who pile on generic YouTube comments like “Who’s watching in 2019”, why do you do this?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you've seen a new inmate do on his first day in prison?
If we are all living in the human body version 1.0, what sort of updates would be expected for version 1.1?
What is your dream movie? Have you picked a cast for it? How detailed is the plot?
What feels like it was a long time ago, but actually was pretty recent?
What was a video game rumour that you actually believed in as a kid only to find out it was fake?
A deaf person can now hear and you get to decide which song they hear first. Which song do you choose?
The Entire World is hunting you down for 24 hours, and you get 5 minutes to prepare. You get $1B if you survive. You can have 1 fictional character to protect you. Who would you pick and what’s your strategy?
Which side do you prefer, Marvel or DC?
what do you think is the most painful way to die?
What do you wish you had in high school that kids have today?
What was the moment that you realized that someone was obsessed with you in an unhealthy way? What tipped you off?
What "life tip" has actually improved your life?
Girls that are happy with how they look, how did you do that?
What is something in YOUR life that is SUPER FUCKING AWESOME?
When reporting a post on a subreddit is it actually remove from a subreddit or just removed from being seen by the reporting party?
What are something that are definitely way overpriced?
What was "the incident" in your high school?
What was one moment that shit hit the fan?
What movie has not aged well with the times?
Kids of “back in my day” parents, what’s the most annoying thing they ranted about?
An all-knowing being comes to earth and is willling to pass on everything it knows to 1 person so they could explain it to humanity, who do you elect?
Do you fear death? Why or why not?
If life was a video game what would be the worst time to lag?
Which song from the 80s is your favorite?
What's your top "wow, that actually worked?" moment?
What is the best 'one liner' advice you've ever recieved?
What are some things that are fun in the beginning but get extremely boring after a while?
What a good tv series that can pass the time in, let’s say.... 14 days?
Which Marvel Cinematic Universe Character is your favorite and why?
People who look at college applications, what things do students overlook when applying?
What's something you genuinely can't understand why so many people love it?
Teachers who regularly get invited to high school reunions, what are the most amazing transformations, common patterns, epic stories, saddest declines etc. you've seen through the years?
What do you love/hate about your country?
What’s something you should never google?
Do people judge you for your taste in music? What do they say?
Garbage men of Reddit what’s the oddest thing you’ve seen people throwing away?
With a minimum of two ingredients, what’s something delicious you can make in under a minute?
What are some shows/games/movies/series etc. that you have to be paying real close attention to to understand what’s going on?
What gets easier as you get older?
What is your favorite gas station snack?
You did something bad that went viral, and now you are unemployed and strangers hate you. How do you rebuild your life?
If you could get $100 per jerk-off for life, or get $1 mil for 1 time, which would you choose and why?
What is the best russian song?
[Serious] Doctors of Reddit, due to American Sex Ed being below par, what are some myths about sex that you can clear up for the young adults who need it?
[SERIOUS] Would you reduce your meat consumption if lab-grown meat or meat alternatives were cheaper and tasted good? Why or why not?
What does $1000 get you for your hobby?
You wake up one day and discover you have been picked to represent your district (country) in the hunger games. What is your strategy to win?
How are people making new friends?
People with weird/obscure jobs, what is your job and how did you get the job?
Programmers, what is the biggest fuck up you've ever seen caused by a tiny mistake in the code?
How attractive is Bill Gates to you?
What nickname has your friends given you?
What’s something about the animal kingdom that absolutely terrifies you?
What slang can us older relatives use tonight to embarrass the teenagers while opening presents?
What's one Sound from a Video Game thats gives you instant PTSD-like Anxiety?
What song did you only start to like after it has been used in a show or movie?
What kind of drunk are you?
Bears. What's your opinion?
Redditors who moved into a "tiny house" during the craze a while back, how's it going now?
What are some horror movie crossovers you want to see?
You're the president of the United States. What's the first change you make to better the system?
What is the one thing you shouldn't have googled ?
It's raining men. How strong of an umbrella will you need?
What is the best quote you know?
Parents who have disowned or genuinely stopped loving your child - what happened?
Has anyone ever got an answer from Delilah on how it was in New York City?
What’s something people do with celebrities that would be absolutely creepy if they did it with general people?
What’s your favorite One Hit Wonder?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
People who are already in 1/1/2020 , what is going to happen, so we can try to prevent it?
What is lame when you’re young, but cool when you’re older?
What is your favorite thing to watch on youtube?
What is going to happen to Hong Kong? [Serious]
Virgins of Reddit what's holding you back?
What chain restaurant do you hate the most?
You can bring one Science fiction technology to real life. What would it be and why?
Without saying the title, what's your favourite song about?
What was the worst casting decision in any TV show/movie?
If your username is the next crisis in 2020, what would it be?
What popular song has a foreign language cover that was locally big, but is all but unknown to fans of the original?
Rich people of reddit who married someone significantly poorer, what surprised you about their (previous) way of life?
What commonly known fact absolutely blew your mind?
What's an American issue you are too European to understand?
What's the cheapest luxury in life noone talks about?
As of right now, what will it take to make you 100% happy?
What fictional character do you absolutely hate?
People who fix bad tattoos, what is the funniest/worst story of a bad tattoo?
Girls of Reddit, what is something that astonished or bamboozled you about your boyfriend's anatomy?
would you date someone you have to work with almost every day in close proximity? why?
which fictional character didn’t deserve to die?
What is something you didn’t know you enjoyed until you met your significant other?
Sociopaths/Psychopaths can you tell when you come across one of your kind ?
How dope would a static shock movie be?
Redditors who send a girl DMs on Reddit after she posts a photo of herself, what is your goal/plan if she responds?
What was your biggest "shit, no going back now" moment?
Which song describes your current situation perfectly?
You have to cook one dish for Gordon Ramsey. If he doesn't like it, you will die. What dish do you cook for him?
People of reddit, what is an example of a question that also functions as its own answer?
what are good reasons to live?
Girls of Reddit, what is something guys shouldn't feel insecure about?
Do you think a baby centaur would suck on the horse nipples or the human nipples? Why?
For people who like to listen to full albums, what are your favorite albums to binge?
What's the one thing you can do to improve the world?
To the guys of Reddit. What's your most embarrassing wet dream experience (or even premature ejaculation experience)?
Urban explorers what's you scariest experience?
What's the worst thing you have found on your friends phone?
What is the coolest thing you own?
In the U.S. we have Schools of Law, Medicine, Business, etc. How would you feel about the creation of “Schools of Community Service” that offer advanced degrees and, the completion of which, would be a prerequisite for careers in Law Enforcement?
Believers of Reddit why do you believe in God ?
What would happen if your last dream became real?
What's the most expensive thing you have?
People sentenced in the 80s-2000s what modern world change shocked you the most?
You get a billion dollars if you can start a massive argument at your family's Thanksgiving dinner. What's your game plan?
What was your greatest Hagrid "I SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID THAT" moment?
If you would have to use a movie quote to describe your bowel movement, what would it be?
Which YouTube channel completely lost its appeal when it “got big”?
[NSFW] What plotlines would we see in a "Dark Pixar" universe?
What have you fucked up already today?
People who live in skyscrapers, what is it like?
People whose family members have been killed in a “honor killing” situation, what is that story? [serious]
Procrastinators of reddit, how often did you "do it later"?
Your phone now has a lie detector app that alerts others when you lie. How's your life gonna change?
People who understand Chinese/Japanese, what's the dumbest thing you've seen tattooed on someone?
Girls of Reddit: What is the creepiest thing a man has said to you in public?
What questions do you have for drunk guy?
Einstein said “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” How would you explain your job?
[Serious] Fans who have been engrossed in a fictional universe so much you could probably earn a degree about it, what plot holes, logical inconsistencies, and the like cannot be reconciled and bother you to no end?
What weird things happen during sex that nobody warns you about?
What is your favorite unwritten rule?
What's your favorite subreddit to binge read?
What are some internet communities or websites that explore real-life mysteries, paranormal activity, or just in general weird/spooky/interesting stuff?
Your karma amount is the year that you are living in, what is it like?
How do you stop comparing yourself to other people?
What won't you understand no matter how many times it gets explained to you?
What useless skill do you have?
What are some good first date questions to get to know someone?
What is the kindest thing you’ve done or seen?
What is the most annoying ways to get hurt?
Philosophers of Reddit: Why?
People born in the time of the internet, what don't you understand about the before times?
What's a movie you LOVED as a kid but didn't hold up when you rewatched it as an adult?
What's the best time of day to poop?
What do you hope for in 2021?
If life was a video game, what would be some hidden achievements?
What's something you hated as a kid, but loved as an adult?
What fact amazes you everytime you think about it?
What is the cringiest thing being horny has led you to do?
What happened to the “chipotle is my life“ kid?
As the Grim Reaper is walking you to the afterlife, he tells you you can ask any question and he’ll answer it truthfully. What would you ask?
What inside joke do you share with your friend/s?
How sexy are you?
Would you support a remake of snakes on a plane where a bunch of innocent snakes are flying to their holiday destination when they realise a samuel l jackson has snuck aboard and plans to kill them all one by one? Why/why not?
What completely made up fact, if true, would totally change history?
What's a popular fruit you hate?
What is the scariest thing you’ve ever seen while driving at night?
What moment made you realize that you are not a kid anymore?
People from Alabama, how do you feel about the incest jokes?
What in the fuck is up with the Japanese legal system?
What's a good thing you're hoping happens tomorrow?
What is a song that gets old?
How did being bullied in school affected you as an adult?
You've been kidnapped. You can call on one fictional character to make a rescue attempt. Whom do you pick?
What is a cause of death you certainly don’t want to die from?
What does your country say that immediately encourages drinking a la “It’s 5:00 somewhere?”
What video games have you spent countless hours on and said to your self "wow, i really got my money's worth out of this game" ?
What's the story behind your reddit username?
What positive effects has the quarantine had for you?
What fact is ignored generously?
What's something that terrifies you but wouldn't make a good horror movie?
What is the worst classic literature you have read?
What’s the most recent song that got stuck in your head?
Assuming the internet had been around since the dawn of time, whose search history would you be interested in seeing, past or present?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
If you could send 1 book or 1 book series back in time to your teen self to read what would it be?
What's the most you hate about masturbation?
Aliens of Reddit, what is the strangest human behavior you have encountered so far?
Would you support a mandatory environmental service for adults 18 - 30 ? Kind of like military service but instead of fighting you must spend a few months on reforestation projects or ocean cleanup ? Why or why not ?
Men of Reddit would you take birth control pills made for men if they came out, even with the similar side effects as women birth control pills, why?
U.S. citizens who voted for Trump last time, who will not be voting for him this time.... what changed your mind?
As a way of helping out local businesses in your area, which area do you live in and what is your favourite restaurant/local business in your area?
People who didn’t get haircuts before covid-19 what are your plans when your hair gets to long?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?
You are given $10k with the criteria that it must all be spent hosting an epic party, what's the most original party you can think of?
What do you think what was going on in the mind of the person who named the phobia for palindromes "aibohphobia" which is a palindrome?
What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
how does one over come social anxiety?
What's the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
You can make ONE obscure fact common knowledge. What would you choose?
What's a phrase only your fandom will understand?
When someone says "I miss you" and you don't miss them, what do you reply?
What is the worst song to date you've ever heard?
What is your biggest gaming "rage moment" that you can remember?
If you could time travel without changing anything in the past, where would you go?
What's the wisest quote you've ever heard?
[Serious] According to some sources, 1 in 6 men have been sexually assaulted, but only ~10% of cases are reported. Men of reddit, what is your story?
If the coronavirus has affected you in any positive way, then how?
What’s an insult that sounds like a compliment?
What's a quote that has just "stuck with you?"
You are in hell but if you beat the devil in a game of your choice he will let you out, what game would you pick?
What song is 100% perfect?
What single event in history do you think changed the world the most?
What was your first video game?
[Serious] Teachers of Reddit. What is the surprisingly smartest thing your stupidest student has ever said?
What's one song that someone should listen to before they die?
What is normal in your country but seems weird to the rest of the world?
What are the two most “opposite end of the spectrum” songs in your music collection?
What is an interesting story from history that not a lot of people know about?
People of reddit, what made you hate a teacher?
What's a childhood meal you loved as a kid, but you find disgusting as an adult?
What are some REALLY REALLY weird subreddits?
What's one problem you wish you never had to deal with again?
You must battle everyone you’ve had sex with, all at once. How screwed are you?
[Serious] When did COVID-19 get real for you?
Whats something you thought was common knowledge but actually isn’t?
What movie scene was so cringeworthy it physically hurt you that was supposed to be serious?
Redditors in their 30s and 40s with no lower back pain. What's your secret?
What has rule 34 ruined for you?
What is your sexual fantasy?
What book could be a really great movie?
What’s the best way to make your house smell incredible all the time?
What do you NOT say during a job interview?
[Serious] Therapists of Reddit, what are some Red Flags we should look for in therapists?
How was your day?
What's the worst example of personal hygiene you've ever seen from someone?
What songs are in your “sad” playlist?
Which fictional villains were right?
What rule have you never broken?
When did you stop giving a fuck and why?
A British charity that helps victims of forced marriage recommends hiding a spoon in your underwear if your family is forcing you fly back to your old country, so that you get a chance to talk to authorities after metal detector goes off - have you or anyone else you know done this &amp; how did it go?
How do you fight loneliness?
What ISN’T going to happen in 2020?
What made you sad today?
Men, what’s the stupidest way you’ve hurt your balls?
Redditors who were dating someone that went from "I think I want to marry this person" to "I think I need a restraining order", what happened?
What is the best dark-humour joke you have ever heard?
[Serious] Prostitutes, escorts, strippers, other kinds of sex workers; what was your first day on the job like?
What things should people never Google?
What single item would you remove from the universe to wreak the most havoc?
If Clark Kent was around today. Where would he change into his Superman outfit since there are no phone booth around?
What would happen if Facebook shut down and all its 1.2 billion users moved to Reddit?
Adults of Reddit, what is something you enjoy that society deems childish?
What famous event did you witness firsthand?
What’s your favorite episode and/or character of Spongebob?
Americans of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise was typically American, until you went abroad?
What's your most memorable interaction with a cat?
What is a book that you wish you erased from your memory, just so you can experience it all over again and get those feelings you first did?
What was your "ah shit, here we go again" moment?
What is biggest sign that a guy has a small member?
What reoccurring dreams/nightmares do you have?
What fictional character could someone say "Oh yeah, they're my role model!" about that would make you slowly back away?
What is something mundane that you love as an adult that would surprise your childhood self?
What is the worst food to eat room temperature?
What movie has an absolute banger of a soundtrack?
What's the best/scariest/most interesting 'internet rabbithole' you have found?
What's the lamest kind of humor?
What movie stereotypes do you hate?
Who would win in a fight between Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk if we assume that all memes about them are True?
If your username was a r/askreddit moderator, how would you stop all the "if your username was..." questions?
You have just been teleported 10 feet to the left. How does that change your current situation?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 19 billion chickens at any given time. If there was a chicken rebellion how would you prepare to fight off your 2.7 chickens (give or take a few)?
Anti-communists of Reddit, what exactly is communism according to you?
Is "mental illness" a new label to justify racist people. Do you agree or disagree and why?
What was your "Sir, this is a Wendy's" moment?
What's for dinner tonight?
[Serious]. What are your views on CHAZ? How long will it last? How influential will it be in implementing future change?
What are some way to make money online in lockdown?
What is the closest non sexual thing to an orgasm you have experienced?
What’s a word you pronounced wrong well into adulthood?
You have been appointed Gosh, God's assistant for smaller, less serious everyday business. What are some of your policies and if neccessary, how do you explain them to/conceal them from your boss?
Swear words are people. What do they dress like?
What is the most bizarre animal that is still alive?
All we hear is how bad 2020 is. What's the BEST thing to happen this year?
Do you think that women should be free to walk around topless in public places, just as men can? Why?/why not?
People of Reddit, are you aware of the YouTube channels who take screenshots of popular Reddit posts, put a text to speech voice over on them and get millions of views? If so, what are your opinions on them?
What is the biggest everyday scam that people put up with?
World travelers, what are some of the worst tourist traps you have encountered? What can be done to catch it beforehand?
How do you cope with the fact that we will all die someday, including yourself?
Actors who were selected for a role described as ugly, how did that part feel to play?
People who have been murdered, what does it feel like?
Artists of reddit, what do you usually draw for fun?
How do you like you pizza?
Should men receive paternal leave with the same pay and duration as women receive with maternal leave, why or why not?
If your comment could be heard by everyone across the world, what would you say?
What's the most kind/beautiful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
What is the perfect crime?
What's the best cereal?
What "black market" did kids at your school run?
Fast food workers what is the craziest thing you have seen on the job?
You can multiply ANY VALUE in your life by 10. What value would it be?
What drug did you take once and thought “nope, never again”?
What's with the lack of reading comprehension skills on reddit?
Redditors who sort by new, why do you do it?
What are you not?
Whats the best way of telling someone that they are overreacting?
Middle-aged men of Reddit: Why do you insist on revving your lawnmower at the crack of dawn while everyone is still sleeping?
What is one thing you will never, ever do?
What is the stupidest thing you've ever said in front of someone?
Teacher's of Reddit. What's the coolest thing you've confiscated of a child?
What is a fun game you play in your head to kill time?
What innocent item gets suspicious if you own too much of it?
What is one thing in your life that you actually regret putting time and effort into?
Perfect movies don't exist, but which movie do you feel has the perfect ending?
Comedy fans of reddit, who is your favourite comic?
Minneapolis just voted to dismantle their police force and are looking for a community-led alternative. Do you have any ideas on what that would look like?
What does a “mental breakdown” feel like?
If you were ever on the show “Wipe Out” or a similar show, what kind of injury and body pains were you left with, if any?
what is your favourite interpretation of vampires?
What do you value most in a relationship?
What’s your idea of a perfect life?
What did you buy pre-Corona that is now useless?
The year is 2030 and President Dwayne Johnson is impeached. What led to these events?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
What were you most shocked to find out was a practical effect and not CGI?
Hey Reddit, what do you consider to be a reasonable grad gift for a daughter?
Sex Shop and Sex Workers of Reddit: What are some of the best examples or clients not knowing how anatomy/sex works?
What part of a pizza do you judge its quality on most?
Have you ever bumped into your cat outside of your house in the neighborhood? How was the interaction?
What video game has the most justified in-game save system?
If you overheard somebody telling their friend "It's like everybody's a nail and I'm a hammer" what would you think he meant?
Driver's License testers- what's the worst thing a kid has done without batting an eye while taking the driving test?
What are the most interesting public webcams?
What illogical thing did you believe for many years?
With so many missing children in the world, how would you feel about microchips being implanted in humans when they're born?
To those who drive around in their car with their mask on... why?
What is an underrated website everyone should know about?
GTA logic now applies to real life. What happens?
Do you believe in the paranormal? If you do, what's the creepiest/weirdest experience you've had with ghosts?
You're Greg, you just finished an 8 hours shift at Walmart and as you leave to your car you run into one of your buddies in the parking lot and he introduce you to an alien. What do you do?
(SERIOUS) Does it offend Native Americans when white people wear native jewelry, have native decor, or tattoos, even if that person truly admires native culture?
Generally calm people of Reddit, what made you lose your absolute shit that time?
Historians of reddit, what is the biggest 'fuck you' moment in history?
New Zealand is officially covid free, as of today. What's your reaction?
What’s something most people can do that you can’t?
Former homeless people of reddit, what can we do to help homeless people the most?
What is your favorite candy?
People who have made friends outside of work and school, how on earth did you do that?
What are some things to do when you’re suicidal and lonely?
If there were no constraints in budget, developer capabilities, etc. What type of game would you choose make, if you could customize it however you want, and why?
We have celebrity chefs and celebrity doctors. What’s the next big celebrity profession?
What sentences make total sense yet most people won’t understand them?
What are some things that shouldn't work but do ?
What was once cool but was ruined by popularity?
What got boring after too many people joined in?
Who do you consider to be the “scum of the earth”?
What is a unique “game” you played as a child?
People who work in law enforcement, what is work like right now?
Who's that person you only ever met once but still think about and why?
What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
What do you think will be the concept of the next big social media giant?
What does a day in quarantine look like for you?
What collection did you have as a child that would have been worth a fortune now had your parents not thrown it away?
What could the U.S.A. have spent $1,000,000,000,000 on instead of a 17 year-long war in Afghanistan?
what would happen if you add 1 to another 1?
What is the most mean insult you’ve heard through gaming?
What’s something you absolutely have to buy name brand, generic can’t compare?
Non Greeks what is the first thing that comes in mind when you think of Greece?
It's 50 days to a new decade! What were your best moments of this decade?
Have you ever got over a phobia? How did you do it?
Whats your "go to" insult?
What's the most "Mom and dad aren't home" thing you've ever seen/experienced?
[Serious] What is stopping you from killing yourself?
Which songs have a "cool part" and then you skip them?
Which villain do you identify with and why?
Non-Americans, does your culture have "old-fashioned" dog names like we do in America, such as Fido, Rex, Spot, Rover, etc, and what are some?
What is something annoying that people assume about you?
What song gets you emotional everytime you listen to it?
Every single bird in the sky turns into a fridge and falls at this moment. How much destruction does this cause?
What is the saddest video game you have played and why?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
What is a noise that instantly irritates you?
Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
What is the worst personality trait you can brag about?
What’s the weirdest thing you saw someone at school do?
Reddit hates them, but what's your favourite emoji?
What are you procrastinating doing right now?
What’s the worst physical pain you’ve ever been in?
When you talk to yourself, how do the conversations usually go?
What sign/gift did the universe give you that made you think there's something out there looking after you?
You can turn into any object, what will be the worst choice you can make?
Redditors who have found jobs during the pandemic, how did you do it?
What's a fact that would scare a 3 year old?
[NSFW] Butt plug users of Reddit, why/when/how do you use your butt plug? What are they all about?
What is your favorite insult of all time?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, have you ever sleepwalked into a room, thought it was the bathroom and peed on something? If so, what room was it and was there lasting damage? [NSFW]
The last TV show you watched is crossed with the last videogame you played. What is the unholy abomination that has just been created?
What movie’s universe would be the absolute worst to live in?
if you were a Demon, what would you take instead of souls?
What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
What problem can’t Google, the education system, or Indian guys on YouTube solve?
What makes you insanely happy for some reason you can’t explain?
Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent illogical breakdown they’ve had?
Adults of Reddit. Who has been your oldest friend? How did you meet them?
What’s the girl word for “bruh”?
People who lost their job due to this crisis what is your story?
What is underrated to the public but should be more known?
What’s something that gets an unnecessary amount of hate?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
Who is that one YouTuber who annoys the s*** out of you and why?
What "healthy" food is actually way more unhealthy than most people think?
Admins of Reddit, what's your favorite subreddit?
What's not as bad as everyone says?
What quote from a video game stuck with you?
Life-long skinny people of reddit, how did your parents teach you to have a healthy relationship with food?
[Serious] What new jobs/industries can we create to work from home and keep the economy stimulated during these difficult times?
Humans of Reddit, what are our planetary defenses?
Brits of Reddit! American here! When you're learning about the very long history of your nation, what's the general tone or feeling when discussing colonial America and the war for independence?
What's the best way to pass the time at a boring desk job?
What was the last purchase you made that was worth every penny?
How often do you shower?
What's a wholesome song you know?
How would you feel about a show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook?
What are your tips for surviving a Apocalypse?
What if it was the year 1423 and everything was the same except everyone had TVs?
What's something that sounds horrible, but is actually pleasurable once you try it?
Bartenders of Reddit, what’s an underrated drink more people should try?
Which historical figure would be the most obnoxious Instagram "influencer"?
What story would you like to re-watch, re-play or reread again for the first time and why?
People who live in cities where TV shows are set, what do you think of the portrayal of your city?
What's the easiest thing to do, physically, that comes with the most amount of risk?
What's the funniest/ worst name you've heard regarding someone's genitals?
The only way to stop the world from ending in 2020 is to sacrifice 100,000 virgins. Which subreddits do you sacrifice?
People who sleep naked, what is your plan in case of a fire or murderer?
Those who have been or currently are in the Foster Care System, what do you wish people knew?
What movie was better than the book and why ?
What is one profession where you don’t ever want to hear them genuinely say “oops” on the job?
People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
The Ten Commandments are being rewritten. What are your suggestions for the updated versions?
What's a overrated movie you have never watched?
What is the answer to 9+10?
What happens if you google search your username?
You are a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you leave something completely random. What do you leave that will leave the homeowner(s) confused for decades on end?
Out of the 7.7 billion people on Earth, what do you think no one is doing right now?
Back in the day, what website did you spend way too many hours of your life on?
How do you tell if someone is attracted to you or just being very friendly?
Window cleaners of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have seen while cleaning windows?
When is it OK to assault someone if they never threatened you in anyway?
Girls, what do you generally think/do if a guy texts you out of nowhere?
Anyone who has had a threesome, where did you find the third person?
What is your favorite single line of lyrics from a song?
People who deleted/deactivated their social media accounts (except Reddit obviously), what made you do it and what change did it bring?
You wake up 2 hours late for work. Would you still go? Why/why not?
What positive effect has Coronavirus/quarantine had on your life?
Reddit, what are some fun things to do on New Year’s Eve if you’re not a big party goer/under 21?
Movies or Series what do you prefer ?
If real life was a videogame, what would be some loading screen tips?
[Serious] If you had taken your life one year ago, what beautiful things would you have had missed out on?
You are offered 10,000 dollars if you apologize to the person you hate the most in the world. Regardless of whether or not you need to apologize, you must. Would you take it or leave it and why?
Have you ever woke up in the middle of a dream and the dream was so interesting that you wanted to go back to sleep to see the end of it? If so, what was the dream?
What’s a little thing you do to make the world a better place?
Movie theater employees, what was the worst attempt of kids trying to get into an “R” rated movie?
Dentists of Reddit, why is the best time to start a conversation while you have your hand down someone's throat?
If you had a pet dragon, what would you name it?
What mythical creature would you most like to have a prolonged encounter with?
[Serious]What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
What is a true story about you that seems made up?
What TV show had a good run and ended with a really satisfying finale? ie What's the opposite of Game of Thrones?
What's your one completely random memory from when you were about 3 years old?
Hiring managers of reddit: what are some telltale sign that your candidate is making things up?
Instead of cum, you now ejaculate the last thing you drank, how lucky are you?
What's your 3 am snack?
Redditors, who are not in love with their SOs, why are you still with them?
If you had to start a conversation with a person by asking a question, What would you ask ?
Without using any curse words, what’s the best insult you can come up with?
Users of Reddit, what was a food item you've noticed tasted better when you were younger?
What untrue thing did you believe was 100% fact as a kid?
What are some things that we really need but haven’t been invented?
People who speak English as a second or later language, what's one rule or word in English that completely baffled you?
People of reddit what is the most NSFW thing you did while on school grounds?
Who's your favorite fictional character?
The last text you sent is what you scream when you're about to cum. What is it?
When making a cup of tea, does the milk go first or last?
People of reddit what would be the first realistic skill you would want to learn if you found out a zombie apocalypse was going to start in 6 months?
People who have a scar on their face: How did you get it?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever seen anyone spend money on?
You have an Instagram account with 1 billion followers. Your goal is to post something that is nonpolitical, non-hateful, nonviolent, and nonsexual in order to get the largest number of people to unfollow you, without explicitly encouraging them, for any reason, to unfollow you. What do you post?
What video game has the potential to be made into a genuinely good movie?
What's your favorite phrases for telling someone to stop being a jerk?
Straight men of Reddit: what's the strangest thing you've been told not to do because "that's gay"?
What are some true and untrue stereotypes about your country?
If band names were literal which would be the scariest band to fight?
You enter god-mode. What's the first thing you do to cause the most chaos?
What was your “is this bitch serious” moment?
What's the worst thing you've accidentally sent to someone while your phone was in your pocket?
Whats stopping you from doing porn?
People of reddit what is the dumbest thing someone assumed about you because of your gender or sexuality ?
The answer is "Right square in the balls." What was the question?
Sweet Teeth of Reddit, what is your favorite sweet thing to snack on?
You find a cockroach the size of an average fully-grown adult male under your bed. What's your plan?
What is one food you ate so much of at any point in your life, that you were turned off of it forever (or at least a few years)?
If you were told to describe your favourite video game without mentioning the title, how would you do it?
[Serious] Blind people of Reddit, what is your favourite movie?
What made you ghost a friend?
What song best embodies 2020 (so far)?
What is the best response to the question "How are you still single"?
Who’s the biggest asshole in history?
Albert Einstein once said "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." What was your moment when someone judged you like that?
People who fetishized a city or country, like NYC or Japan, and then actually took a leap of faith to move there, how has your opinion changed since?
What makes a person boring?
What is the most annoying thing a Guest has done in your home?
What album never gets old for you?
What is absolutely worth the money?
What’s the most fucked up movie you’ve ever watched?
Imagine that some stranger on the street suddenly pointing a gun at your head. What are you gonna do?
Flat-earthers of Reddit, what were your thoughts on the footage of the SpaceX launch today?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
Military People of Reddit, Area 51 guards, how do you feel about the September 20th Raid?
You can cure a person of any disease by pooping on their stomach. There is no limit to how many people you can cure this way. How do you use this new superpower?
Everyone says being an adult is terrible, but what are some good things about adulthood?
What is the best nonfiction book you’ve ever read?
Your best friend is faking being asleep and you need them up. What do you say out loud to trick them into "waking up"?
Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
What are you in the 1% of?
Survivors of Covid with Asthma, what was it like being sick? And what has the recovery process been like?
Mustang owners of reddit, why do you assume everyone wants to race you?
PSA: You did not win a gift card
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be and why?
What’s your go to McDonald’s order?
For people who keep asking AskReddit why you up-vote posts but don't answer the questions, why do you do this?
Housekeepers who worked in casinos/hotels, what's the weirdest thing you walked into?
Who is your favorite Youtuber and why?
After winning the 2020 U.S. Presidential election, how will Americans react to having their first animated president, Mickey Mouse?
What were the facts you learned in school that are no longer true?
People with any sort of STD, How did it change your life?
People who can fall asleep in less than 30 minutes, how?
If you could see a list of every person's name and face (including strangers) that thought about you sexually at least once, would you want to see it and why?
What is a food everyone seems to hate, but you love? Why?
What's way more dangerous than most people think?
What’s a suitable punishment for people who litter in national parks?
What could have been awesome if people hadn’t ruined it?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you don't make them laugh, you'll be killed. What joke do you tell them?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults ?
One Karma = One Pound. What are you buying?
What are some lesser-known secondary uses for an everyday product?
If it was possible, what cybernetic enhancement would you like done on your body?
Redditors who have gone viral for the wrong reason (fight videos, public freakouts, etc.), what happened and what’s your side of the story?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit who have delivered babies to mothers who clearly cheated on their husbands, what was that like?
How and when was your first porn experience?
Have you ever successfully stopped a repeat marketing or scam phone call? How did you do it?
People of reddit, what did that one kid do to get expelled?
What is an example of toxic femininity?
Which country do you want to travel to and why?
What's a cool fact about the human body that a lot of people don't know?
To people who are celebrity lookalikes, have you ever gotten celebrity treatment in public?
What is the HARDEST to answer "Would You Rather" that you have heard?
What are some red flags for teachers that scream "drop this class immediately?"
Why can't people just voice their opinions and have actual adult debates instead of them just being childish insult arguments and both sides leave more angry after the fact?
What’s a movie you wish you could see again as if it’s the first time?
Are you comfortable with giving away some of your privacy for increased security? Why or why not?
What is the wallpaper on your phone?
What will today's babies' generation hate about their parents' generation when they get older?
Alright you bunch of whippersnappers, what's your favourite slang word?
What thing is amazing, but we see it as pretty normal?
Babes of reddit, what's it like being a pig in the city?
When you think about the “good old days” what comes to mind?
What advice would hospitality + F&amp;B professionals give to people starting out in the industry post pandemic?
What were some times when you died inside?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
People who've killed in self defence, whats your story?
English teachers, what topic on a “write about anything” essay made you lose hope in humanity?
What did a crush do that made you immediately lose interest?
How did you smuggle video games into school?
What is your favorite guitar solo?
How do you feel now that Derek Chauvin has finally been arrested?
When did you know it was time to end a relationship?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
What is the cutest thing that your pet does?
teachers, what was the dumbest argument students got for being late, but turned out to be true?
What's your best way to escape an awkward situation?
Which was the biggest "fuck you" finale to a TV show or movie you've ever encountered that made you mad?
If You Were Forced To Get Any Fictional Character To Kill You, Who Would It Be And How Would You Want Them To Do It?
What movie could have been over in 10 minutes, if the main character wasn't such a dumb ass?
What's a question you asked on this subreddit but never got an answer for?
Your username tells you how you die. How are you dying?
There's a room in your house where time doesn't flow. You could stay in there for as long as you could possibly want, and not a second will have passed outside that room. What would you use this room for?
What is the most useful Windows keyboard shortcut you think everyone should know?
People who have felt both breasts and moobs (even if one of them are your own) what are the similarities and differences from your personal experience?
How drunk is too drunk?
Atheists of reddit, what is one thing you admire about religion? Religious people of reddit, what is one thing you admire about atheism?
What is your go-to never-fail joke?
What happened to the person that took your virginity ?
Mall Santas of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a kid asked for Christmas?
Are you a morning person or a night owl and why?
If every subreddit was a country, which ones would be the most likely to go to war and why?
What does it feel like being older (40+) when you compare it to your twenties?
What is something that if everyone started doing today, the world would be a better place?
What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
On the birth of your child, a demon appears and says, "Your child will be extraordinarily attractive, you shall receive $1 billion if they are a virgin at age 25, otherwise your soul and theirs will be mine". You cannot inform your child of any aspect of the deal. What is your plan?
What's it like to have a penis?
If a carpenter is a 'chippy' and an electrician is a 'sparky,' then what is a plumber?
Grocery cashiers/baggers of reddit, what’s the best way to arrange groceries on the conveyor belt?
What would your ten year old self be surprised about from your current life?
Should kids under 12 years have access to the internet? Why?
What’s something you can say both during sex and at a drive thru window?
What is your ‘comfort show’ a series that just makes you feel good. You’ve seen it several times over but go back to it whenever you just want to curl up in bed or on the couch and watch your favourite characters for hours on end?
On his death bed, Kim Jong Un named you as next Supreme Leader of North Korea. What’s your move?
What's something that you really like about another community/group of people?
What are some of the coolest coincidences in history?
What felt like a useless piece of advice until you actually tried it?
Reddit, what is on your anti-bucket list (things you will never do again)?
What's the worst way to die?
How would you react to accidentally login on Mark Zuckerberg Facebook account?
People of Reddit, What is the strangest thing you've jerked off too?
What’s your favorite joke?
What is the physics behind sea surfing ?
What did your parent(s) do right and what did they do wrong?
What conspiracy theories do you think are too logical to ignore?
What is a weird hobby that you’ve been hiding from your family/friends?
What was normal to have in 2010 but not 2020?
What's a really awkward situation that everyone can relate with?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
Dentists of reddit, what toothpastes do you reccomend and why?
How can sell jewellery products online?
How do you feel about the sterotypes about your country/region seen in movies and television?
[Serious] People who killed in self defense, what's your story?
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
What is your “nobody will ever believe this” moment?
What food do others find disgusting but you find delicious?
[Serious] how do you keep the memory alive of a loved one who has passed away?
Do you think our obsession with making food look good has effected how we cook and eat and if so how?
How did you switch your careers in your 30s?
What are some horrifying things to consider when thinking about aliens?
Husbands and wives that got divorced after 20 years of marriage, what made you decide to change your mind after all that time?
What nice thing will you do for somebody today?
What's your favourite 'angry' song?
People with low bicycle seats, what do you think you're doing?
If you could eliminate one thing from your life today, what would it be?
Have you ever "Dined and dashed" and what is your story?
If, instead of rebooting movies, it became a trend to retell them from a different characters perspective, what film would you want to see retold and from who’s point of view?
Did you ever have a moment where you thought you would die? Why?
Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
What is something you spend a ton of money on that the vast majority of people never would?
Ladies, just like leggings can very easily attract a guys attention, what is something guys wear that will attract your attention?
There are many well known habits people know they should never get into; drugs, drinking, gambling, etc... What are some less well known things or habits that people shouldn't get into?
People who were in a coma, what change surprised you when you woke up?
What is the worst thing that has happened at a high school reunion party that you attended?
[Serious] Women of Reddit, what role does gender play in sexual attraction for you ?
Psychics of reddit, why you are not billionaires ?
What moment in time will you remember for the rest of your life?
Men of reddit, what was your reaction seeing a pair of boobs for the first time?
What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
What conspiracy theory do you believe in the MOST?
What would you absolutely refuse to do for a million dollars, but do without hesitation for a billion?
What’s something that looks safe but can easily kill you?
What’s your biggest gaming accomplishment?
If someone were to create a list of “must see” movies for their girlfriend who didn’t grow up watching too many movies, what should be added to that list?
What is the strangest place you've ever pissed?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done?
What do you say to someone after catching him while watching porn to make it any less awkward?
What's a delicious baked pastry?
How do you accept and make peace with loneliness?
What kink did you think you had, until you tried it? [NSFW]
What fruit do you dislike, but adore as an icecream, candy, etc. flavour?
What sounds like an insult when it’s used as a compliment?
Reddit, if you die today, and the afterlife hands you a book that contains all stats from your life, which stat will you look up first and why?
What’s a random ass thing you remember from your childhood?
Rearrange the words of a movie title. How does the plot change?
What’s something you always assumed was normal until you were told otherwise?
What is a fake fact you believed in until you found out?
[serious] What was the closest you've ever been to killing someone?
People who were born into cults, what's your story? (Serious)
What’s your opinion on ask Reddit?
What Video Game do you think deserves a remaster or a sequel?
What awful thing did your "so called friend" do to you?
Zeus has decided that Olympus feels a little empty, so he’s recruited some new gods. However, due to a clerical error, you have been chosen as a new member of the divine. What are you the god of, and what do you do as your first godly act?
What small thing pisses you off more than usual?
What was your first time playing Minecraft like?
What is the worst backhanded compliment you've ever recieved?
What’s due for a major overhaul?
The nearest red object to you kills you, how do you die?
Is a hotdog a sandwich ? Why or why not ?
Would you continue to be vegan if you had to grow every single vegetable you wanted to eat? Why or why not?
What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
What is a true fact that sounds like a conspiracy theory?
What’s an irl version of a level 1 bad guy?
What is a quote made by a fictional character that stuck with you?
How Many People Actually Sort By New?
If you could torture someone by playing one song on repeat for 24 hours, what would that song be?
What are some "too good to be true" stories?
With all of the hate, sorrow, and anger in this world right now, what is that one thing that keeps you going?
Today is Danny Devito’s 75th birthday, How should Reddit celebrate and What will our gift be to him?
What would the eighth deadly sin be?
If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
What word or phrase in your native language has no English equivalent?
What is the most asshole thing your pet has ever done to you or a family member?
Which song gives you the most calm vibes?
Furbies have front facing eyes and are therefore predators, how does this make you feel?
What’s one good thing, no matter how small, that happened yesterday?
People whose parents where racist, what was it like?
If you had a pullstring in your back, what would some of your phrases be?
People who love life why?
If you could stop time for as long as you want, what would you do?
Its international mens day. Men of reddit, how are you today?
You wake up in the morning as a dog. What's your plan for the day?
What was the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever fallen asleep?
What is something you thought was cool back in the days but growing you realised, it was absolutely not ?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
What do you do at night when you can’t sleep?
Despite most people agreeing that 2020 has been a terrible year, what has been your favorite part so far?
Suppose you run for president, what is you campaign slogan?
What is something that is more difficult than it should be?
How do you live with someone with severe anger issues that attacks you when they get mad?
Former atheists, what made you realise that God exists?
What is something you've heard someone say, that actually left you speechless?
What family friendly movie would you choose to show off a really big and awesome new TV?
If you could change one thing about your upbringing what would it be and why ?
What's your favorite subreddit other than this?
What are obvious signs that show that you're attractive?
If you died and your friends could say "Well, at least they died doing what they loved," what would probably be your cause of death?
What ‘upgrade’ was totally worth the price?
You get to have sex with the Woman/Man of your dreams. However, there is press conference after discussing your performance. Do you do it, why or why not?
what movie quote is perfectly fine in context, but sounds really bad out of context?
Honest question. What is the difference between cultural appropriation and cultural appreciation?
Which word do you think people should start saying more?
You are forced to give an hour long presentation without preparation on a topic of your choice, what’s the title of your presentation?
If 0 is entirely evil and 100 is entirely good, what number are you? Why?
If you had a superpower that was based on your last google search. What power would you have?
You are a 18 year old boy who is about to meet your 17 year old girlfriends family. The father is the stereotypical dad who polishes his guns in front of the boyfriend. What do you say/do that will make him contemplate shooting you?
what is the best thing to do wasting time this quarantine?
What's the biggest flop from a major company that you can remember?
What positive impact has your SO had on your life? (Serious)
What is the craziest encounter of 'rich kid syndrome' that you have experienced?
Police officers of Reddit, who’s the smartest criminal you’ve ever encountered?
what’s something you didn’t understand as kid, but you later realized was super fucked up?
Redditors from New Zealand, what were your experiences during quarantine and then finally having no cases of COVID19? Is your prime minister really as good as the media tells? What actions did your health sector take?
What is something everyone should know how to do at age 30?
Which fictional character did you fall for?
Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him?
What does it feel like when someone hugs you?
Roadtrippers of Reddit, What is the weirdest thing that you've seen in a town that's completely alien to you, local or international?
What did you find out about your friends sex life that actually shocked you?
What is a common misconception you are shocked people still believe in?
What happened to that person that took your virginity? Where are they in life?
Jack Black is cast as Donald Trump in a parody film about the president. How do you feel about that?
Your username is now also your superhero name. What are your powers?
What advice would you give to a no-life 12yr old?
Cleaning people of Reddit: What are some of your best tips to clean fast?
The opticians are all closed. Your eyesight went 'weird' but you need to check you can drive, what's the most dangerous method you can think of to test it?
You are assigned to name a new flavor of ice cream based on your mood. What your ice cream name?
What’s your favourite way of telling someone to stop talking?
What is your favorite thing in your 'SAVED' section?
Arm amputees of Reddit, is sleeping on your side more or less comfortable now? Why?
How do you feel about a law stating that tickets (speeding, driving under influence etc.) should be a percentage of the perpetrators annual wage, instead of fixed rates?
What are some of your favorite foods to eat just before you go to bed so you can suck the globs out your teeth in the morning?
In your opinion, what’s the most important part of a relationship that’s not trust, loyalty, honesty?
What is one of the dumbest things you've done when your brain was on "auto-pilot"?
You're Stan, Satan's half-wit brother. Satan is taking a week of vacation and leaving you in charge. What kind of fucked-up quasi-punishments do you issue while Satan's out?
What's the best kept secret on the Internet?
What movie did you like as a child, and now it seems to suck?
Males of Reddit who give birthday blowjobs to their best friends as a gift, when did you start this tradition and how did you find about it and what happened?
How do you socialize at a party where you only know the host and you’re not too social?
[SERIOUS] What's the worst thing you've seen go down at a funeral?
Men of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to women?
You have just been cheated out of $1000 for a stupid brick. How do you take revenge?
Reddit: What was it like having to read paper maps?
How difficult would it be for the average woman reading this to actually crush a watermelon with her thighs? Many women on yt seem to be doing that challenge rather effortlessly?
Which literary classics are actually worth reading?
What's a really cheap item you can buy that can make you look incredibly rich?
What woke you up this morning?
What's an odd fact about yourself?
[Serious] Whats the creepiest/scariest thing that you've seen but no one believes you?
The last thing you Googled is what kills you. how would you die?
What unsolved mystery has absolutely no plausible explanation?
What is something you can say during sex, and at a drive-thru window?
If God judged your worthiness to enter the pearly gates of Heaven based on your search history, how would your first conversation with Satan go?
What's a conspiracy theory you think might actually have some truth to it?
How is your sex life?
(NSFW) What's the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
What is something that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
What is the most unprofessional thing you’ve done at work?
If your life was a movie,who would be the director?
Is there an equivalent name for a “Karen” in other countries? And if not what should it be?
People who fell in love with their best friend, how did it work out?
What's the best way you've seen someone rebel against school rules?
Fellow Redditors, what is your biggest insecurity?
Your skin colour has changed to blue. What do you do?
Whats an answer to a question you wish you never heard?
whats a "holy thats gotta hurt" moment?
What’s your playlist name?
Why the fuck can't we all just get along?
Doctors/nurses/surgeons of reddit, when did a patient came in with a little thing which actually revealed to be a life-threatening injury ?
Pet rock owners of reddit, which is the best rock for a beginner ?
What’s your irrational fear?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you see a typing mitsake in a blog from a trusted source?
Which film is set furthest back in history ?
Employees at an escape-room, what was the weirdest things you've wittnessed through the cameras?
People whose first relationship was very long term, what weird thing did you believe was normal until you started seeing other people?
What is something that is cringe unless you're a pro?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the best 'gotcha moment' you ever experienced?
What did the popular kid at your school do to go from cool to an absolute outcast?
What food do you swear people only pretend to like?
If 2020 was a food, what would it be?
Tattoo Artists of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a client has asked for?
[Serious] People who overcame the difficulty of gaining a healthy amount of weight,How'd you do it?
You have 10 minutes to show someone from 1995 stuff on your phone to blow their mind as much as possible, what do you show them?
What is dangerous to forget?
What's a genuine question you have that Google can't seem to answer but maybe somebody on Reddit can?
If you were offered 1440000 dollars per month from Jeff Bezos to allow him to use your soft buttocks as a pillow each night, would you acept it? If not, why?
If you were a bender and could manipulate one of the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) which one would you choose and why?
How did you escape the friendzone ?
Redditors who have tried to hide on your cruise when it ended so that you could stay on the ship for the next round, how did that go?
What are good sunglasses people may not know that can get that aren’t owned by Luxottica?
What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
What movie was so funny you laughed out loud in the theater?
What single phrase, regardless of who says it, instantly pisses you off?
What is your one album that doesn’t have a bad song on it?
Redditors, who’s the first celebrity you were sexually attacted to, and what made that person attractive ?
Ex-cons of Reddit: What was the hardest prison-habit to break after being released?
People that don’t have friends IRL, what’s the real reason?
You can have sex with one real person from all human history -who is your ultimate lay?
Children of pornstars, what the heck is that like?
What movie fucked you up mentally?
When will the first “COVID” centric romance movie be released and who will star in it?
What famous quote would mean something completely different if another person said it?
What movie did you start watching then said "Fuck this, I'm not finishing this"?
What are some things that Reddit loves but you do absolutely despise?
What are you faking?
You're at a job interview. You get the "what is your biggest weakness?" question. What is your answer?
How do they get kids to play their roles perfectly in movies when they are like.. young young?
When life goes back to “normal” post Covid, what is one thing you think will never be the same again?
What is something that use to be underrated but now more people are paying attention to it?
What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once?
Readers of Reddit, what are your favorite books and would you recomend them?
What is the largest plot hole u have ever witnessed in some form of media and why?
What makes life truly worth living?
What awesome holiday gift did you get someone that you can’t tell them about yet but want to brag about?
Redditors who have a job where they go into other people’s homes (plumbers, electricians, etc) what’s the weirdest most disturbing thing you’ve seen while working in a customer’s house?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve seen a grown-ass adult get angry over?
Teachers of reddit, do you notice depressed students, if so, how?
Using a movie title, how would you describe 2020?
What’s your biggest pet peeve about Reddit?
What common product has a feature you’re not sure everyone is aware of?
What is your least favourite thing about Frozen 2?
What's one thing that can instantly make your day better?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
People who eat others food in the break room without permission, why do you do it?
Redditors with thin walls, what have you heard in your apartment?
Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
At what point when wiping your ass do you say 'that'll do'?
What gives you feelings of power?
Men, what’s something you’d like to tell women but feel like you can’t?
Whats the most trivial thing you miss about your childhood?
What’s the worst LEGAL thing you can do?
What is your personal favourite Green Day song?
A little kid walks up to you and asks you what the meaning of life is. How do you answer?
What is a feature that Reddit desperately needs?
Right from *now* your need for sleep is gone. You can now stay awake till your eventual death without any consequences. How would the extra time (that you get from not sleeping) affect your life?
What made you say "oh shit" while eavesdropping?
[Serious] What was the worst house you have been in like?
[Serious] What are some seemingly normal images with disturbing backstories?
What single letter can you remove from a movie to turn it into a porno?
What is the most thoughtful gift you've received?
If the internet was down entirely, what would you be doing right now?
When you sneeze and someone says "bless you", you gain the "blessed" status buff for the next 20 minutes. What does it do?
You have 30 minutes to hide a USB drive in your house. Your house will then be raided by police, detectives and some FBI agents all searching for the USB. Where do you hide it so that it won’t be found?
What song is 10/10, yet hardly anyone has heard of it?
Have you ever had a doctor accuse or assume you were faking an illness? What’s your story?
People who made an impulse decision when they found out Hawaii was going to be nuked, what did you do and do you regret it?
Your gangster name is the color of your shirt and the last thing you drank. Who are you?
What everyday skill becomes suspicious if you are too good at it?
Redditors friends with an identical twin, what’s your most awkward encounter with the wrong twin?
How does your religious beliefs affect your morals?
People of Reddit, what are some cool, but completely useless talents you can do?
People who live in a rural area/out in the country, what will "city folk" never understand?
Parents of Reddit, what is the best "weird flex but ok" moment you've seen from your child?
How do you take your lumps in stride?
How do you like your coffee?
What song is 10/10 but hardly anyone has heard of it?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don’t get the point of?
In Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ultron goes into the internet for 5 seconds before realizing humanity can't be saved. What do you think he saw?
it’s 11:11 pm what’s your wish?
You can get any superpower you want, but as soon as you become aroused you lose your power permanently. How do you make sure you don’t lose your power?
Ladies of Reddit - what is the most sexiest thing an overweight gamer has done that made you immediately want to have sex with him/be his girlfriend?
People who worked in Restaurants, what was the worst customer that you had to deal with?
What are some weird and unexpected food combinations that are actually amazing together?
What looks complicated to do but is actually quite easy?
How have children’s shows gotten worse?
All You can eat buffet workers what are your horror stories?
What sequel was better than the original?
What is the secret to a happy life?
What is your mom's catchphrase?
If you were a villain and could choose any animal to fight by your side, what animal would you choose and why?
If HBO's Chernobyl was a series with a new disaster every season, what event would you like to see covered?
How do you respond if someone calls you a creep?
What is your favorite movie quote?
What is something you passionately hate and can complain about in length?
What commercial will be forever stuck in your head?
If aliens did visit our planet would they be bringing new and unknown diseases to Earth? If so, what would the death toll just from disease be?
Every 60 seconds, a minute passes in Africa. What other dumb but funny facts do you have like that?
What has quarantine ruined for you?
Your username is now a bar, what drinks will you be serving?
Whats a great response too "I hate you?"
What's your favorite quote from a video game?
What if 2020 is just a trailer of 2021 ?
Historically, in times of great upheaval and unrest people usually say "at least we'll get great music out of this." Due to two distinctive events in America/the world coinciding, what has come of American and global music?
What's your favourite quote?
What is something you think is judged too quickly?
What should people do to stop hiccups?
Immigrants from china, what was a peice of media you didnt know was censored until you left china?
People of reddit, What is the usual thing you do before going to sleep?
Johnny Cash comes back from the dead to cover one 90s Alt Rock song... What song should he cover?
People who hack in multiplayer games, why?
Guys of reddit, what's a question you want to ask us girls, but are too afraid to ask to our faces?
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now. (Chinese proverb) how does this relate you?
Males who got sexually harassed, what's your story?
People of color on Reddit, what's something you've always wanted to ask white people?
What is something that became way more popular than it should have?
Ex-atheists, what made you start believing in God/a religion again?
Horny people, what do you do when you have to get un-horny real quick?
Students of Reddit, what was the reason for why one of your teacher's had a breakdown during class?
How long did your last dump take?
What “old person” things do you do?
Survivors of COVID, what changes have you noticed to your health since you’ve recovered?
If Trump was present during various Historical events, how would he tweet about them?
What is one of your favorite movie soundtracks?
People who downloaded their Google data and went through it, what were the most unsettling things you found out they had stored about you?
What is the most wholesome thing you have seen?
Escape Room workers of Reddit, whats the most absurd thing players have done?
Colorblind People, What have been your biggest "Oh I Fucked Up" moments due to your condition?
If you seen a clone version of yourself in public, what’s the first thing you’d do?
Users who upvote questions but don’t answer them: Why?
Austistic people of Reddit, how do you feel about anti-vaxxers exploiting your condition to promote their lies?
What music, book, show, movie or fad were you into before it was popular but weren't a snob about it?
What's a delicious poor man's meal?
In 50 years when we tell our kids and grandkids about 2020, what’s the first thing we tell them?
People who have been discriminated for something they cannot control, what's your story?
Redditors in other countries, what's something you do often that Americans would never even consider?
What class do you regret not taking?
You can add one "fuck" to any famous quote, where do you put it?
People who said as a kid “I can’t wait till I’m an adult“ hows life?
What If Every Dream Is a Memory From a Past Life?
How can you summarize historical events so they sound like porn titles? [NSFW]
During a customer phone call this morning, I heard someone in the background say, "...and then my drunk ass jumped on a flamingo..." right when the call ended. What do you think the rest of the story was?
If you had to use a food as a murder weapon what food would you choose?
[Serious] What is the most efficient way to deal with bullies?
What are some sex tips for a rookie?
What would your name be if you could choose it yourself?
Reddit, what is a wholesome, solitary activity that a person can do to help forget how awful and poor their current life is?
What is the best example of "just because you can, doesnt mean you should"?
What's something you really want but you can't afford it?
What are things you miss about older computers?
Do you feel frustrated by the lack of empathy and emotional intelligence in people around you? How do you cope?
What is your opinion on the moon?
What is the most memorable moment you shared with a stranger who you never saw again?
Earth, fire, wind, water, and heart results in Captain Planet appearing. What five things would summon you?
Upvotes now grant orgasms to the person who gets them. How does this change the world?
What are some of the best lines in video game history?
If time travel was possible what would you tell yourself at the beginning of the year 2020?
What says a lot about a person?
[NSFW] Crime scene cleanup crew members of Reddit what is your most disturbing story?
At what job are all the employees fucking each other?
What are some things $100 USD can get you in the world’s poorest country?
People who read the terms and conditions of any website or game. What's something you think other people should know about them?
State your age and something which you can't do ?
What do y'all think of George Carlin?
What is the most useless piece of information you know off the top your head?
What unsolved mystery would you like to be explained in your lifetime?
Fluent/native speakers of German that have heard the Pennsylvania Dutch of the Amish, what does it sound like? How does it compare to other dialects of German?
[Serious] Redditors that have had a threesome and regretted it, what was the unexpected fallout?
Doctors, whats it like when you get sick? Do you go to the doctor or diagnose yourself?
Redditors in Seattle who are currently living in CHAZ the autonomous free zone. Whats it like?
What movie title would you give your sex life ?
British people of Reddit, how is the American Revolution tought in your schools?
What would you do, if you were a sinner and accidentally find yourself in Heaven?
What raises your happiness instantly, no matter how many times it happends?
People of Reddit, what's your opinion on the new Trump Administration Law about Transgender and Non-Binary discrimination?
What are some highly addictive things that most people don't think about?
A zombie is coming towards you. What item to the right of you is your weapon?
[serious] When was a time you legitimately thought you were going to die?
Imagine food courts had an actual judge to punish food crimes, what are some possible sentences?
Anyone who owns a gun, why do you have it?
What do you use to remind yourself that everything isn't that bad?
If humans were kept in an alien zoo, what food would they say is "human food" and feed it to is for every meal?
If immortality was granted to 1 million individuals worldwide, what would be a fair selection process?
What is your favourite foreign food/snack/ drink etc that you cannot find in your own country?
People who have survived an attempted murder, what is your story?
What is the saddest episode of a TV show?
You can take one piece of video game logic into real life. What do you take?
What cancelled TV show would you want to come back for one big episode wrapping everything up?
People who have their shit together. How??
What is the kindest thing a stranger has done or said to you?
[Serious] People who once lacked motivation but are now successful, what changed?
what was something a person did that made you hate them?
What's your biggest First World problem?
What is the weirdest thing you've heard or had happen to you while using a public restroom? [NSFW]
For the people who use Bing, why?
What’s the best joke you’ve ever heard?
What's the best joke you know?
Ladies of Reddit what's your favorite men's cologne and would you share likes and dislikes too?
What piece of advice would you give to a twenty-four year old?
Whats good sex advice for a first timer?
What is your wisdom?
What is your favourite serial and why?
What advice do you have for someone going into high school?
Starting next week, fart sounds will be replaced with a sound of your choosing. What sound should it be?
To everyone who lives outside of America, how are other countries reporting on us?
What's the best way to stop being lonely?
People who have actually had sex with a step relative, what was the aftermath?
What is your favorite dead meme?
Lawyers of Reddit, at what point ,when working for a defendant, did you realize, “My Client is a Monster!”?
When did you realise you weren't a child anymore?
What are some underrated, pretty names?
What is your favorite food that you have tried once and wouldn't want to try again?
We’ve been in this mess for 3 months now. How are you really doing?
What is the greatest "fuck it, I'll do it myself" in history?
What actor/actress instantly ruins a movie for you?
What fact chills you too the bone?
What is 10 times scarier at 3 am?
What thing about society makes you disappointed?
Energy drinks are now illegal. What’s its street name?
Married men of reddit: what was that dumb thing you did during your dating phase that you can’t believe your wife ended up overlooking?
What is the worst thing that you've seen a coworker do and still avoid being fired?
What’s a video game/board game you loved when you were younger, but now you think was just bad?
What’s the weirdest thing you do when you’re totally alone?
How would you feel about a Star Wars TV show directed like "The Office" that takes place in the Death Star?
What is one thing that you detest being asked?
What's the easiest way to spot a sociopath or psychopath?
[SERIOUS] Men, what is something you don't actually care about women, that women always think is more important than it actually is?
Bilingual people of Reddit, what is the weirdest direct translation you can think of?
People of reddit how will you spend your summer?
Frontline US healthcare workers, what do you think when you see the rest of the developed world criticising the US health system due to the cost to patients? Do you agree &amp; believe patients deserve universal healthcare, or do you think it’s right that patients should pay for their own treatment?
What's something about you that nobody knows since it never comes up and nobody asks?
What did you think you were really good at until you saw someone who was *actually* really good at it?
What Are Some Tips For Falling Asleep Faster?
Gamers of reddit, with 2019 soon comming to an end, what do yall think is the best game of the 2010s?
If Antman was in your butthole how big would you let him get before asking him to stop?
What fictional food have you always wanted to eat?
What is a fact that people just straight up can't accept?
When buying ice cream: Which flavour do you buy the most?
People who were raised by same-sex couples, what do you call them to avoid the confusion of two people with one name?
What's the most poetic way you can say "I'm hungry."?
People of Reddit, what’s a cool history fact that everyone should know?
Prostitutes of reddit, where do you draw the line as to what you'll do?
[Serious] Scientists/researchers of Reddit that have been in isolation (such as the Arctic/Antarctic for long periods of time how do you deal with lack of intimacy? Do single participants mingle or is there rules against this?
Is being insecure part or your genes? If you're jealous, feeling like your partner can find someone else isnt that part of who you are? Can you as adult really change that all of a sudden if you've always had that mindset or?
What’s the best “hell yeah!” Moment in a movie?
What’s a food you used to hate but have since come around to?
Who was someone that accomplished a great task, only for it to be forgotten because they overshadowed themselves by accomplishing something greater?
Girls, what is the biggest hint that you like a guy, that we never get?
[Serious] What are some Creepy/Unexplainable events or encounters from your life?
What was a great thing ruined by popularity?
What has been your biggest fuck-up leading up to this point in life?
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
What is your biggest phobia?
What foods do you now enjoy as an adult that you didn’t like as a kid?
People who have had "friends" stab you in the back, what is the story?
What's a "let that sink in" fact?
What totally obvious scam do people still fall for?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some “red flags” people should look out for when they go out to eat?
What are things that people are ashamed of but shouldn't be ashamed of?
What’s your million dollar idea that somebody beat you to?
What’s your worst encounter with a male Karen?
If/when dogs overtake us as dominant species, how would we design cars to fit the needs of a dog family?
People from Reddit, what is that insecurity that you feel like nobody gets?
What Is something you would get if you had enough money?
What’s something that you were taught as a child that you later realized was completely untrue?
You are about to get into a fight, what song comes on as your soundtrack ?
What's the coolest thing about the bible?
What are some facts that make you happy?
Mattel releases a new version of Uno called "Fuck-You-No." It's like Uno, but there's a ton of new Special Cards, and all of them are designed to fuck over the next player. What are some of these special cards?
What is the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
You've been granted a wish, but only if it's one you had as a child. What is your wish?
Which song gets old really fast?
How do we convince the normies to sort by new?
Do you follow a texting etiquette? If so what do you make sure you try to follow?
Parents of Reddit, why are you disappointed in your adult child?
What's the best way to ruin a perfectly good bout of depression?
What shouldn't exist, but does?
Those who always call instead of text, why?
What's the worst place to wake up naked?
Your 2020 President slogan is you last sent text. What is your slogan?
Minneapolis has decided to dismantle the police force there. What’s a viable option, in your opinion, to an armed police force?
What would be the Pro's and Cons of replacing the Minneapolis PD with the Paw Patrol?
How does one get a boyfriend?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the cringiest/weird tattoo you have ever done?
What only exists because humans are dumb?
D&amp;D Dungeon Masters of Reddit: What is the most useless magical item you've ever given your party and how did they use it?
A man determined to kill you with a knife is entering your home in 3 minutes. He won’t leave unless one of you is dead. How do you prepare (without leaving)?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be?
Redditors that have never masturbated because they aren’t tickle-ish, how have you gotten around this disability?
You are in a shelter with the last 5 remaining humans, what would be the worst way to start a conversation?
what would happen if l add one knife into a human?
What strange thing did you find out about someone else that they thought was perfectly normal?
Women who “dated” older men as teenagers that now realize they were predators, what’s your story?
How do you clean the underside of your tongue?
When people say “we need to talk” what do they really mean?
There's a large spider on your shoulder, how do you react?
What was a sketchy cheap buy, that ended up being one of your best purchases?
What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
Bilinguals of reddit, do you feel like your personality changes when switching languages?
How would people feel about the term ‘Police Reform’ as opposed to ‘Defund the Police’?
What is the one movie you *always* recommend to others?
What cartoon episode seems innocent, but in reality is very dark?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's free?
What guilty pleasure show do you watch when no one else is around? Why?
If sexual experiences were like trading cards what would be your rarest card?
If the U.S. wiped all its laws and started fresh, which laws would you recommend be added?
Dear ents, how come flies are always flying around the ceiling lamp in the middle of the living room during the day?
You get magically teleported into the last video game you've played and will return in a week. If you die in the game, you'll die in real life (blacking out and such count as dying) but you get to keep anything you've got in the game as well. What's your strategy?
What's the coolest thing about your dad?
What turns you off the most about a person?
For those with office jobs, what little touches have you added to make your desk a little more pleasant?
If you knew the answer would be yes, what would you ask?
Which specific points in JK's post do people disagree with and why?
What are some tips for conversations with your crush?
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
What SHOULD you say after sex?
[Serious] Have you been to therapy? Has it helped you? How so?
What was the first book you read that was so good you could not put it down?
What should everyone try at least once in their life? [Serious]
People who rarely or never take selfies, why doesn't it appeal to you? Do you have reasons for not taking them, or are there other factors?
African Proverb Says "The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel the warmth" What time in your life have you been closest to starting the fire?
It has now been 6969 days since the year 2000. How will you celebrate this monumental day?
What is something that has aged well?
Waiters, what is an order that stuck with you?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit. What are some stories that lead to you crying with your patient?
Sometimes cheap and expensive items are the same thing with the only difference being the brand name. What are some examples of this?
What does it feel like to get nutted in?
What is the most extreme misuse of an everyday item you have ever witnessed?
What “common sense” is actually wrong?
What are some stupid mentalities and mindsets that need to end?
What is your worst quality as a person?
If you had 3 arms, would you want your extra arm in your left or right side? Why?
Parents of reddit: what are your kids currently attempting to hide from you?
What are some harsh realities of porn industries?
What’s your favorite flag and why ?
Men who treat objects like women, why?
What's the most strangely unique punishment you ever received as a kid? How bad was it?
Have you ever slapped someone,Why?
What’s an uncommon fear or phobia you have?
What is the stupidest reason your insurance company refused to accept your claim or pay for your care?
What's a mild inconvenience that drives you fucking crazy?
Do you truly think you wouldn't be racist if you traveled back to a time where it was unsafe to be anti racist?
What is the right way to make Kool Aid and why ?
Teachers, what’s the darkest thing you’ve seen from a student?
What do you do with your SO that isn't normal?
[Serious] What was the worst instance when you lost everything or felt like you lost everything?
Small town America, what's the scariest supernatural urban legend from your area? Especially interested in things involving wilderness and hiking. [serious]
What are some great songs that aren't in English?
What’s something you were always told you would “grow out of” as a child, but you never did?
People who have had sex with someone with a disability of some sorts, what was different about that experience?
What is your least favourite chore to do at home and why?
What is your go-to swear word?
George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” What real life example have you seen that validates this view?
Disney theme park characters - have there been situations where you had to break character? What was the reason? Consequences?
Parents with Nanny Cams, what have you caught your babysitter doing?
Which Movie will always be a classic?
People who are often seen as the 'innocent one' by their friends, what have you done that isnt so innocent that would probably shock them if they found out?
What's something you didn't learn about sex in sex ed?
People who have met their online friends, what made you instantly regret it?
You are offered 10 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
What are some things you’d only know by growing up poor?
What is your favorite mistranslated saying?
What are you tired of seeing on Reddit?
If 2020 was a flavor, what would it be ?
Everybody on earth has become gay. What would happen within a minute?
What does the number 11:11 signify?
For dnd dms of reddit what is the most face palm moments in your party?
War Veterans of Reddit;what's one thing war movies get wrong?
Hey! Who else out there like, crazy sad?
Now that the 2010s decade is ending, which trends are the most regrettable?
What do the rich buy that the poor don't even know is available for purchase?
What, in your opinion, is the weirdest thing that society accepts as normal?
What is the worst way to start a conversation?
[serious] what is a good reason to live?
What's your strangest wish?
Which song do you most relate to, like it tells your story kinda?
When is the right time to kick someone’s ass?
What Show/Movie Did You Hate So Much But Still Had To Finish?
[SERIOUS] What topics would you talk about in a podcast?
If a premium version of sleep were to exist, what features would it include?
Men of reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
You're so hungry so you ordered a pizza. A few moments later the door bell rang and the pizza boy is Donald Trump. What you gonna do?
What is the best NSFW Christmas joke you know?
Mechanics of Reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen someone do to their vehicle?
What do you say when you answer the phone?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you google first?
As an individual, what is the best way to support Black Lives Matter?
What are some “guy secrets” girls don’t know about?
Did the Simpson's predict statues of racists being torn down in the intro when the bullies dehead Jebediah Springfield?
What is the most nice thing a random person has done to you?
What do you genuinely not understand?
What skill or craft would you like to master?
Parents who knock on their kids' doors and then immediately open it anyway, what's your thought process?
Marriage/engagement photographers/videographers of Reddit, have you developed a sixth sense for which marriages will flourish and which will not? What are the green and red flags?
How often do u guys talk to yourself?
What's the worst coworker you've ever worked with?
What City/State/Country is overrated?
What is one question you would ask someone if you wanted to determine their level of intelligence?
Who was your most famous ancestor? [serious]
If you were to meet the Grim Reaper and it challenges you to a game in exchange for your life. What game would you choose to play and why?
If you woke up back in 2015 with memory of all future events, what is the first thing you would do?
Which year or decade would you timetravel and why?
What does porn glorify that actually isn't that great in practice? (NSFW)
If animals could sing, which one would be a rapper?
What frictional character would you like to have sex with?
People who have had a post blow up, how does it feel to look at your phone after a few hours and realise people liked your post?
What is something perfectly legal that feels illegal?
What is an essential, not-so-obvious skill in life?
How ‘Vegan’ are you?
What's the best technique to stop browsing social media and getting back to studying?
People who tested positive for C0VID and are &gt;90% certain of how you caught it. How did you get it?
What could a group of seven be for Halloween?
Your plan for world domination has succeeded! But instead of an evil overlord, you are a mildly infuriating overlord. What is the first law you pass to mildly infuriate everyone?
What are some of the most underrated apps on the play store?
What is something that you would never confess to your family?
What is the best reply to ‘You aren’t funny’?
In 50 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
What's a name you can give an animal but not a human?
[NSFW] For the guys... would you rather have a 3" longer penis, Weigh 30 lbs less or make $30K more? Why?
What song will be forever in your head?
If 8 years old you could’ve got a tattoo, what would you be trying to hide today?
What was the cruelest thing you have done to a Sim in the Sims?
If 2020 were a show, what would its theme song be?
What’s a band/artist from 2000 or earlier that you recently discovered?
What made you mad during lockdown?
What is a song people play just to annoy you?
Nurses of psych wards, what did a patient do that left you speechless?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
What are some of the most disturbing Wikipedia pages to read?
Which Celebrity turns you instantly on and why?
You get a real-life "get out of jail" card. When are you most likely to use it?
People who have had the corona virus and have now fully recovered, what is it like and how bad is it?
What words do you mispronounce on purpose?
What's another "freak out" moment that as similar as walking through a spider web face first?
Long Haul Truckers: What's the creepiest/most paranormal thing you've seen on the road at night?
People who grew up in third-world countries, what was the biggest shock for you when moving into a developed country?
What's the best way you've found to get back into a normal sleep schedule?
People of Reddit. What are some tips for asking a girl out?
People who dumpster dive what is the most notable / weird thing you have ever found?
If band names were literal, what would be the scariest band to fight?
Who is the best person you have ever met?
What's the most sensible thing you've ever heard someone say?
How would you feel about a ban of “how are you today” questions on the sub?
If you could make 1 law for the entire planet, what would it say?
What is your favourite simple pleasure in life?
What's something you can't manage no matter how hard you try?
Let's pretend violent video games teach you to use a gun to kill people. What other skills have you inconspicuously picked up playing video games?
People who make jokes about serious topics, why do you do that?
If you won one billion dollars in the lottery what would you buy?
What do you remember hating the most being a child?
What's the most disturbing thing you've seen/read on the internet?
What is something we can all agree on being a "dick move" ?
You find a specialized Genie, his only power is to grant you the ability to change fashion standards one time, what do you choose and why?
Which common phrases are usually manipulation attempts?
Who is basically a real life version of a fictional characters?
Why are you single?
How did you first find porn?
What's the current favourite song?
What's the weirdest life hack you have ever tried/heard of?
What’s the most sensible thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
What makes Reddit so important to you?
What was the best purchase you have ever made?
What was the biggest misconception that you had as a child?
You've been kidnapped. The last person you saw on TV is trying to rescue you. Who is it?
What's the nicest way to tell someone to F off?
[Serious] People who had depression, how did you beat it?
Students of Reddit: What is your best school life-hack?
What sport would be a million times better if all the players were drunk?
What are your "just to be safe" habits?
What horror movie villain would you want a good version of?
What do you want to be eating right now?
Every character played by the same actor is now a part of one continuous story. Which actor has the best story arc?
What are some good internet Rabbit Holes to fall into during this time of quarantine?
Married people of Reddit, what’s one thing you didn’t learn about your spouse until after your wedding day?
Employees ex/current from food processing and packaging industry, what are some of the practices that your company follows/followed despite of knowing the harm it causes to consumers?
For those that have a bug zapper, what made you decide to finally buy one?
What pivotal moment made you aware that you had some unusual neighbors?
What’s your go to party trick?
What is a good movie title for a film about grief?
Rule 34 states "If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions." What is something that you're pretty confident is an exception?
People who "switched sides" in a highly divided community (political, religious, pizza topping debate), what happened that changed your mind? How did it go?
What is the best example of English being an impossible language?
For the non-white citizens of Europe, how do you feel to be identified as a European or do you just feel the identity of the country you live in/hold citizenship in?
What are some songs that make you cry?
What's something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
Whats a proper response to "what's up?"
(Serious) How do you get rid of negative thoughts about yourself?
How did you get introduced to Reddit ?
Your job is to make a new super hero for Marvel based upon an animal. What’s the animal and what’s the super power?
What age did you get married?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
What’s the one part of your hobby that you hate doing?
What conspiracy theory do you believe? Why?
It’s 2021 and You’re asked to write a book about the year 2020. What is your title?
Do you believe in parallel universes? Why or why not?
What did a friend of yours do that accidentally turn you on?
What is something most people need to hear but no one has the guts to tell people?
Fellow Americans, How would you feel about eliminating tipping in exchange for providing a livable wage for the service industry?
What is your current favourite youtube channel?
can it be common for people to be two-faced? why?
Satan opens up a lighter version of Hell called 'Heck'. What kinds of torture are in it?
Everyone is jealous of something. What are you jealous of?
How did your friendship with your now best friend blossom?
What is the worst thing you have done because you got confused between items in different hands?
What's a fact that tells you that this isn't a stimulated reality?
What would people take more seriously if it had a different name?
What's the most awkward situation you've ever been in with a stranger?
You wake up one day back in the prehistoric era with all of the knowledge humanity ever gained up to the year 2020 (yes, it's pretty obvious as to what anime this concept is from), assuming you're now immortal, how do you help out human society?
What do you think you will be thinking about in the last few seconds of your life?
When someone close to you loses a loved one, what's better to say than "I'm sorry"?
What were you afraid of as a child ?
What TV shows should be cancelled already?
If 1 karma=1 dollar ,What would you buy with your account?
If written like a news report, what stories from the bible were done by Florida man?
What's a scary thought about death?
if you were a supper hero who would you be and why?
flat earthers... what’s on the other side?
What video game should get a sequel, but likely never will ?
What "you know what, just to be safe..." thing you did ended up saving your ass later?
Did you ever snoop through your parents things as a child and absolutely regret what you found to this day? What was it and it they ever find out? NSFW
People who voted for Clinton in 2016 but are intending to vote for Trump in 2020 what made you change your mind?
You discover that every time someone jerks off to you $10 mysteriously gets deposited into your bank account. How do you use this newfound power?
What stopped you from committing suicide?
Girls who took notes using 50 different colored pens, where are you now? Do you still continue to write using all those colors?
Your sex life now has an anthem. Which song do you choose?
When is quantity better than quality?
Teenagers of reddit aged 13-18 what do you think defines your generation right now?
Redditors who rage quit a job without thinking, what was the last straw?
Survivors of Comas, what was it like?
What popular food do you find disgusting?
[SERIOUS] South Korea is developing a stealth fighter called KF-X. North Korea is trying to buy a fighter called Su-35 and failed. If North Korea successfully purchases Su-35, and South Korea successfully develops the KF-X, which ones will win? The South Korean KF-X or North Korean Su-35?
Reddit is the “front page of the internet”; if you could change the slogan, what would you change it to?
People who have died and came back to life what was your experience?
Do you actually mean it, when you say it's never too late to start learning/doing something?
What group of people get too much hate? Why?
People who comment "First!" on Youtube videos, why?
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about?
What is something dangerous you've done as a teenager that your parents still doesn't know about and would basically kill you if they did?
What’s the dumbest thing your significant other has said or done?
What's the best purchase you've ever made?
How can a 70 y/o woman protect herself from aggro deer while walking her dog?
What movie things are generally accepted as normal, but are totally unrealistic in real life?
What fact sounds legit but is actually fake?
What's the biggest mystery?
What is the most interesting thing you own and why?
What do you do when you're depressed?
Whats the most overrated movie of all time?
What is the movie/ series which should be made mandatory for everyone to watch?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
People who grew up ugly but are now hot, how has your life changed?
What phone are you using, and why do you like it?
What very realistic event could happen to make 2020 even worse?
If "retirement" in the future means you donate your body and organs at age 40 but will be kept alive artificially in a perfectly simulated environment where you live worry-free, would you do it? Why or why not?
What do you think about in the shower?
If every state fought each other to the death, who would win?
With the adage "nothing is ever deleted from the Internet" in mind, what is something you HAVE seen vanish from the net?
What do you smash?
What do people THINK is a scam, but they actually just don't understand it?
What's the most wholesome thing a stranger has done for you?
What screams "I'm middle class"?
What is your opinion of the confederate flag?
What animated movie/show made you cry the most?
When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
What cheat code would you like to add to real life?
What was your biggest "Fuck it I'm doing this moment?"
Bar staff of Reddit, have you ever had a man use the “safeword drink” escape, and how often does it happen?
What is something that makes you say "Man, I f***ing hate people"?
What is the last song you heard?
If you were on control of Reddit, what changes would you make?
How tight are you?
Quiet talking then REALLY LOUD SOUND EFFECTS - Why was it acceptable in the 90's to release movies with such horrible sound mixing?
What's the most insane thing a human has survived?
You are sent back to the day the titanic set sail with nothing but a 3rd class ticket (and food water ect) your task is to stop the titanic from sinking, how do you do this?
[Serious] What irrational fears do you have?
What is your favourite food?
What is your strongest held opinion?
What's something small that annoys you whenever you see it because no one else seems to care?
Every “#1 Dad” mug now changes everyday to show the actual rankings of Dads around the world. Why does YOUR Dad deserve the #1 spot?
How do you reply to 'Why are you so quiet?'
You've been granted the power to bless people with minor conveniences. How do you make their lives slightly better?
You are given $1000 on the condition that you must spend it on treating yourself. What do you buy?
How could we stop gang violence in America?
What is the worst place to be caught jerking off?
What are some ridiculous history facts?
Redditors with SOs who talk in their sleep, what is the creepiest thing they've said?
Do you like sex and why?
Redditors who write "sorry, English is not my first language" on perfectly eloquent posts, how did you get so good at English?
1 wish per person: What would the world be like if a genie granted everyone's wish (deepest desires) at the same time?
If games like Grand Theft Auto cause violence and the board game Monopoly causes Capitalist exploitation, what problems do other popular games cause?
You come home and find two people together in your bed, what do you say to them to make it as awkward as possible?
If you could get any item from any videogame/movie what would it be? How would u use it?
What is a joke/something that only you found funny?
Kids who sung on Kidz Bop, how was that experience and did you ever put that on a resume?
If you were given a device that could show you everyone who has ever had a crush on you without your knowledge, would you use it? Why or why not?
How do you deal with a roommate that has loud sex?
What changes did you swore you were going to make to your life, but never did?
What's the most useful NSFW tip/hack you know?
whats your solution for racism?
The world is ending on Dec. 31, 2020, what's the lamest way it could happen?
You go on a first date with someone, what habit or characteristic is a deal breaker?
Who’s your favorite Scooby-Doo character?
What was the moment when you stood up for yourself? How did it happen?
What time do you wakeup/go to sleep?
What does it mean to have a mental disorder?
Inmates of reddit, after getting out of prison what was different?
Anyone who won a "lifetime supply" of something, what did you win, and are they still supplying it to you?
Who will never get the benefit of the doubt from you?
What is something that you had to unlearn?
People of Reddit what is some wholesome stories you’d like to share?
Redditors who live in Wyoming.. why?
What are some common "facts" that people believe to be true even if the existing evidence states the contrary?
What was your proudest gaming moment?
What are some of the BEST choices, you've made in your life?
What is the stupidest way you have ever injured yourself?
What are good reasons to stay single?
What season of the year do you like the most and why?
[Serious] What is the single most important thing you've done with your life?
Do you actually read the whole post?
What's the fastest you've ever gone from caring about someone to straight up loathing them?
What are the best things to do on a gap year?
What is your favourite 'weird' food combo?
What is the craziest/weirdest dream you have ever had?
What is your deepest, darkest fear?
What is the most traumatizing event that you witnessed while you were a kid?
If you had a little pocket room that you could access from anywhere and it also stops time, what would you put in it?
[Serious] Drug dealers of Reddit, have you ever called CPS on a client? If so, what's the story?
What fact is common knowledge to people who work in your field, but almost unknown to the rest of the population?
People who overcame depression, how did you do it? (Serious)
If going to the gym was a game, what would be some really bad loading screen tips?
What’s that one thing that you’ll never do, no matter what?
There's a quote of Philip K. Dick that says: “There exists, for everyone, a sentence - a series of words - that has the power to destroy you". Which sentence is it for you?
What's a super genius way to hide something in your house?
[Serious] Is a person with a micropenis morally obligated to tell their potential sex partners beforehand that they have a micropenis? Why?
What ridiculous conspiracy theory have you heard that might actually be true?
Users of Reddit who have had the Coronavirus, what was the experience like?
Obviously not every guy finds this hot but, yanno how straight guys find two girls kissing hot? Well do straight girls find two guys kissing hot, or does it not work that way?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
Who's your favorite YouTuber and why are they your favorite?
What's your most favorite physical feature, and why?
You are now forever stuck in the last movie you watched. How’s your new life looking?
What is a known fact that is actualy scary af?
What’s a movie that you loved as a kid than holds up years later?
What's the difference between a Chad, and a Kyle?
What was your answer to the last question you were asked before this one?
What does getting knocked out feel like?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have experienced Clinical Death (and then been resuscitated, obviously), what if anything did you experience on 'the other side'?
Women of Reddit, what are some things a dad should know about raising a girl?
What's the most inappropriate time that you'ved laughed?
If you were immortal and couldn't get injured/sick, what would you do?
[serious] Immigrants who moved to the US, what is one cultural norm that you love, and one that you will never follow?
If you could call yourself 10 years ago and speak for 1minute, what would you say?
Old Youtube users, how was the experience compared to today?
What's the creepiest thing you've experienced?
What is your favorite line from a song?
What could you make with the objects currently in your room?
Professor Stephen Hawking has passed away at the age of 76
What job exists because we are stupid ?
If your reddit username would predict the way you die, how will it happen?
Australian Bushfire Crisis
Which song never gets old?
What song/s would be in the soundtrack to your life?
What do people think is healthy but really isn’t?
If we have casual sex, that means that ranked competitive sex exists. What are the different ways you can earn points or multipliers?
If you could open a sex shop what would you name it?
What’s a good movie on YouTube?
What doesn't taste as good as it smells?
If you could pick between $100,000 tomorrow or $1,000,000 in ten years, what would you pick and why?
How would you feel if every 5-10 years people would have to retake their driving test to keep their license?
In terms of comedy, what subjects do you believe should be completely off the table?
The last object you touched is now missing until this time next week, how screwed are you until then?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done for money?
[Serious] People who have found a secret room or space in their house: How long did you live in the house before you found it and what was in it? What was the eventual outcome of finding the room?
What is something you're terrible at but wish you could do well?
What are some foods that most people have been eating the wrong way or not the way it was intended?
Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
What was the best day of your life?
One food at your choice will now become super healthy, while retaining its exact same flavor (burgers, pizza, whatever). What do you choose?
You've been granted one wish by the Douchebag Genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording when making wishes to screw them over. What do you wish for?
What's the biggest life lesson your 20s taught you?
What was that one really weird episode of an otherwise normal show?
If you were a 1-episode fling for Jerry on the show Seinfeld, what would be his silly and minuscule reasoning for breaking up with you?
AskReddit has hit 25,000,000 subscribers! (insert party parrots here)
What movies would be a lot shorter if the main character just did what the fuck they were told?
Say you won a 2 week tour package with rooms, accomodations, and transportation taken care of for anywhere you choose, if the virus wasnt an issue, where would you go?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for one day and one day only. What unnecessary piece of character information do you add to the Harry Potter lore?
What is a song lyric that really hits you hard?
What unusual medical quirks do you have that significantly impacted your life?
[NSFW] What unexpectedly turned you on?
What is something that you could practice for 1 hour max every day, for an entire year and by the end of the year you'd be an expert in?
Who is the person you hate the most and why?
What book series do you believe should have as much recognition as Harry Potter?
What's the scariest thing you seen while playing a video game?
What is your most embarrassing moment in a gym?
Given how half the year has been, what are your predictions for rest of the year?
What's something that you hate but can't tell anyone?
What's on your bedroom walls?
People who have the guts to ask their crush out. What happened afterwards?
What's the most spectacular way you won an argument or proved someone wrong?
What is one thing people do that really grinds your gears ?
What would you like to clear up with the FBI agent watching you?
People who don't cuddle after sex, why?
What's your 'HOLY SH!T IT WORKS!' moment?
What would have been good advice in 1990 that would be terrible advice in 2020?
How does your generation differ from that of the 1960's ?
Do you prefer physical horror (blood, gore, etc.) or psychological horror (mind games, etc.)? Why?
What was the "monster under your bed" as a child?
What makes you immediately lose romantic interest in someone?
People who posted their story on Reddit and the person in said story found it, how did it go?
What are some cool websites where you can download free stuff?
What is the most cursed answer to this question?
What show never declined in quality?
If you had to say one last sentence before you lost your voice, what would it be ?
What rock band do you want to see really bad live?
What do you need a compliment on that would make your day better?
What has happened to you personally that has made you doubt "reality" in the sense that we may or may not be in a simulation?
How do you feel about a 4 day work week?
What tastes so good you can’t believe it’s healthy?
People who dont express their feelings: What caused you to be like that?
If the Founding Fathers of the USA came back to judge us and how America turned out, what would they say/think?
We are nearly 1/3rd of the way into 2020, how is your New Year’s resolution holding up?
What's a rule that was implemented somewhere, that massively backfired?
What is the easiest strategy to fall asleep?
What's your best "Fire me, I fucking dare you" moment from work?
Redditors that have witnessed a working McDonald's Ice cream machine, what was it like?
What is a actually a good thing to explain to a 5-year-old?
Out of all stupid things you've ever done while horny, what's the worst thing you've done?
What was the first album you heard that was amazing from start to finish?
What have you started in quarantine that you will continue after?
Someone once said "Everyone sees the world in a different way; so when someone dies, it is - in a way - the death of an entire world." So, Reddit. . . what unique world will die with you?
Why are you sad?
Whats a weird/unique little quirk you have that you didnt know you had until someone pointed it out?
What do you miss the most about being a kid?
Guys of reddit, what can us girls do to make you feel special?
Former rich people of reddit, what happened?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened?
[Serious] People who quit drinking alcohol, how significant of an impact did it have on your mental health?
People of Reddit, what do you think is the best possible advice you could give to an 18 year old teenager who just graduated high school?
If you could ask an all-knowing, all-powerful being one question, what would you ask?
Who are two musicians/bands that sound very similar to eachother and can easily be mixed up when you hear their songs?
What are some signs that a "friend" isn't truly your friend?
Do you think if animals could talk people would be more hesitant about hunting them? Why or why not?
What’s your opinion on vandalizing statues of slave owners?
What was your best game as a child?
What is the equivalent of the Flat Earth in your field of expertise ?
How did you come up with your Reddit username?
What is your "thank god it was just a dream", moment?
Apple's app store art, such as in the "Our favorites" section, often features bulky/misshapen depictions of humans that are anecdotally not pleasing to look at. Why do they pick this stylistic choice?
It's year 2200. You are so famous that some of your mundane words are quoted by the entire world. What's the quote?
What's a problem of yours that would be solved if someone just gave you $5000?
God has become tired of humanity, recently retired and left you in charge. Do you leave the rules exactly as they currently are and if not, what changes will you be making?
What common joke would you retire from the human race if you had the chance?
How much alcohol do you consume in a typical week?
Whats the deal with Wales? It's like the red headed step child of the U.K. What has it ever done?
You only have a few minutes left to live depending on the length of the last song you want to listen to, which song do you choose?
People who actually got married on an "if we're both still single when we're 35 we'll get married" deal...what's your story?
[Serious] People who put their phones on speaker in public and hold them up to their mouths to talk into them like walkie talkies, why do you find this preferable to using your phone the traditional way? What advantages does it offer?
What’s something that should be taught in school but never is?
What show have you been watching lately?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've accidentally shown someone, or something they accidentally saw while using your phone or computer?
Phone Fixers of reddit, What’s actually wrong with charger cables when we have to wobble them around to get it to work?
What are your tips to cooking a good steak?
What has NOT aged well?
What “cheat” were you taught to help you remember something?
What's best about living in the UK?
What item left completely unprotected would people not steal?
How would you feel about a law requiring parents that receive child support to supply the court with proof of how the child support money is being spent?
What is something that really freaks you out on an existential level?
How would you describe your life in a sentence?
Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
What screams "I'm not a good person" ?
When did the popular kid’s life fall apart in a few seconds?
When watching a movie/TV program, what accent can you never understand/need subtitles for, and what accent to you find really easy to understand but confuses others?
What’s a video game quote that your parents most likely would say to you?
What is your best pick-up line?
What's the one food item you can't wait to get your hands on right after getting groceries and fill up your fridge?
Lawyers, What's a law that isn't real that normal people insist exists?
What food, from your country are you ashamed of and why ?
You are now the manager of Mehven, heaven for people that were kinda good, but not great during their life. How would you design the place?
What’s a major incident that happened in your school?
What is the most annoying question you are sick of seeing again and again on this sub?
What is your favorite video game and why?
What are some unwritten rules of Reddit? And if you had it your way, what would you change?
Redditors who cook, whats the biggest 'no no' thing in cooking?
What was your worst animal-caused injury?
Criminals of Reddit: what is your plan when you break into a house and see a naked man running straight towards you?
Tomorrow is the 17 year anniversary of the terror attacks of September 11th, 2001. Where were you that day?
Men of reddit, what NSFW male lifestyle hack can you share?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
People who failed school or got terrible grades, where are you now? [Serious]
Dear Reddit, If you were to have sex with any insect scaled up to human size, what would it be?
Government employees that voted for trump, what are your current thoughts about him as president?
What/who do you love?
Men of reddit, what the heck do you want for your birthday?
What's your favourite smell?
What is your "guess I can't go into that store ever again" story?
What commercial do you hate the most?
What languages do you find difficult to learn?
In what ways has Donald Trump been a good leader for the USA?
How do you know for sure that you aren't Batman?
What is the closest thing we have to a dinosaur?
What is something you would like to become a school subject? [Serious]
[Serious] What can one person, in small town America, do to combat systemic racism?
If scientists invented a teleportation system but the death rate was 1 in 5 million would you use it? Why or why not?
What does it feel like to live alone?
How does it feel to lose your sanity?
What is your favorite meat?
What’s it like having boobs?
What word do you consistently fuck up while typing?
Why wasn't peace an option for the goose?
You're Satan and your goal is to torment Gordon Ramsay. What food would you serve him?
Which subreddit has steered the furthest from its original course?
What do you think the 2020 December boss battle will be?
What mind-blowing (but simple) facts would satisfy a 4-year old daughter’s daily request for 1 fact before bedtime?
What is a dangerous misconception?
A Mexican drug lord offers you $50million to let him hide out at your house for 3 months. Do you take it or turn him in? Why or why not?
How much have antidepressants helped with your depression?
What's the best comeback to a "Wow, you talk? You're always so quiet" response?
A genie pops out of a lamp and says that he will immediately impart a bachelor's degree's worth of knowledge to every adult in your country; you need only say which bachelor's degree they should receive. Which do you choose, and why?
Adults of reddit who were depressed kids or teens, what is it like to be here when you didn't expect to make it this far? What would you tell your younger self if you could?
What song is so catchy you hate it?
What's a good website to waste a whole night on?
What is/would be the female version of getting a boner in a public area?
People who have started a relation just before or during the quarentine, how was/is it like?
Airplane pilots of Reddit, what was your biggest "We're all fucked up" moment that you survived and your passengers didn't notice?
Which are the main signs of passive-aggressive behavior? and in which situations is it mainly used?
What is the worst country you've ever visited?
What do you judge people for most often?
Russians of Reddit, how do you feel about your country's Soviet past?
If you were to die today, what would your parents find that you were hiding from them?
If someone was going to ‘borrow’ your body for a week by slipping their consciousness in (yours is asleep), what would they need to know about it first?
What are some of the best things to mix in with rice?
You have an unlimited amount of money but you have to work anyway : what job do you chose and why?
What is a movie that after you finished watching it, you went "Oh shit" then went back and watched it again to pick up on everything you missed?
What is your favorite book and why?
What subreddit rule has frustrated you the most?
Thinkers of Reddit, what are the worst gender-biased assumptions?
[Serious] Translators of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing you have had to translate?
What parody awards would you add to Reddit if you could?
What fictional character do you feel bad for the most?
What is something about yourself that sounds totally made up but is 100% real?
What 90s song will always be a banger?
What is an adult problem you were not prepared for?
Whats the most nostalgic thing you can think of ?
What movie deserved a sequel but didn’t get it?
What advice would you give to someone who’s about to turn 19 soon?
What song would be weird to hear during a wedding?
What's the best refrigerator on earth?
The finale season of Game of Thrones is infamous for its characters making unbelievably stupid mistakes like "Danny kinda forgot about the iron fleet". What are some equally unbelievable mistakes made by real important people throughout History?
What is something you don’t have the heart to tell to your family?
What was the best punishment you received as a child (that wasn’t cruel, but still effective and had an impact on you) ?
What is your Tinder horror story?
You can devote your life to a single project with limitless funding, what is it?
What are the craziest conspiracy theories you’ve ever heard of?
Children of a “Karen”, what is it like?
We hear a lot about the unethical companies of the world. What are some of the more ethical companies out there that we should be supporting?
What flaw do you accept about your significant other that would be a deal breaker for many?
Do you ever look at yourself one day and think you are hot as shit, but the next day comes and you've become Quasimodo. Why do you think this happens?
What instrument would you like to hear more of in modern music?
What’s your pet peeve?
What is normal in small doses, but fatal in large ones?
How did you pick your gamertag?
What is your "I'm Sad" playlist named, and what are the top 3 songs?
Goodwill/thrift shop workers, what are some of the strangest things you've found in the donations?
How do you think the world would react if a major political leader, (like Trump, the Queen, or Kim Jong-un,) died of Covid-19?
What is your favorite "holy crap this actually works" trick?
Lord of the rings is rated PG-13 and is allowed one f bomb. Where would you put it?
People who don't celebrate their birthdays, on purpose or not, why?
What would your ideal school system look like?
What’s something that you need to reread a few times to actually understand?
Dear Reddit, when do you know to walk away from a relationship?
In May 2018, Jeff Bezos made around $191,000 a minute. If you were given his bank card, and given 10 hours to spend, how would you ensure that when you gave the card back his balance had decreased from when you received it?
What “words of wisdom” have always stuck with you?
What do you do when you start to miss somebody who is dead?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
The police find a body in your fridge. Why is it there?
What is something you hated as a kid but enjoy as an adult?
What is your dream way of dying?
If you could teleport, what would be the easiest way to legally make money while keeping your power hidden?
If authors 'covered' novels, the way musicians cover songs, which covered novel would you be most excited to read?
What the best way to answer to a spam call?
What's something in your room right now that most people probably dont have in theirs?
What’s something people do that doesn’t break any laws but breaks the “laws” of common courtesy?
Students of Reddit, what is a random situation that occured during an online class?
What phrases have you noticed they always say on tv/movies that people never actually say in real life?
Funeral organisers of Reddit, what are the weirdest or most unique funerals you have organised?
How do you know that you are not a failure?
Ex trump supporters, what was the last straw?
What are some moments in movies that made you go "uh, it doesn't work like that"?
What video game feature took you way too long to figure out?
Domestic cleaners of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing you have ever discovered in a clients home?
Who/what fiction/nonfiction character would you pick to be your sidekick irl?
What’s something a teacher told you that you initially ignored, but later in life stuck with you?
What is ur name if you replace every vowel with oob?
What is the most argued topic?
What’s on your mind?
What is something you hated as a kid but love as an adult?
What is something that is expensive, but only owned by poor people?
Former Anti-Vaxxers, what caused you to change your mind?
Redditors who lived in countries that no longer exist (Like Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia...etc) What was it like to see your country breakup?
What's a shower thought that you've thought about outside the shower?
Bartenders of Reddit, what is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard because people assume sound doesn't travel over the bar?
What’s a real fact that some people don’t want to accept?
What do you love to do that you maybe shouldn’t?
How do you beat someone who can see into the future? They can see 5 hours in the future and it only takes them a second. They remember every detail and the can see what goes on while they sleep?
If you were murdered by your username in what way would you be murdered?
Redditors, what inspired your current reddit usernames?
[SERIOUS] Historians, marine biologists, biologists and cryptozoologists of Reddit: As far as legends in history go, what legendary creature do you believe may have been real and probably existed in some way, or what supposedly legendary person in history was more than likely real?
You’re given a time machine fully equipped with bedroom, bathroom, cloaking device, matter replicator, and the entirety of Wikipedia. Where/when do you go first?
If you were offered a cyber body, which one would you choose? Male, female, human .. or not? Why?
[Serious] Former Gang Members, what incident happened that made you realize you didn't want to be in a gang anymore?
Do you ever find yourself hating Reddit a little bit? A lot? If so, why? [Serious]
You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
The Reddit Talent show is open. What is your performance?
How do you tell a depressed friend or partner that you don’t have the mental resources to listen to them be depressed anymore, without coming across as a massive asshole?
Introverts of Reddit what social interaction makes your “battery” down to 0% immediately?
what was the movie dialogue/ something you read in a book, that stuck with you?
What have you spent the most time thinking about lately?
You get teleported 3 meters to your left. How does that change your life ?
What is a great YouTube channel to binge watch?
How could 2020 possibly get worse?
The last man on Earth sits in his room. He hears a knock on the door, but is not scared. Why?
What's something that's universally considered rude/being a dick?
What have you seen genuinely shitty people do that they thought was perfectly acceptable?
What is something you instead hated as a kid but now enjoy as an adult?
What are people slowly starting to forget?
what's something no one's gonna be saying in 50 years?
What's the most fitting case of "vigilante justice" you've ever heard of?
Why should we be worried about the future?
Germans of reddit. What do you get taught about WWII in school?
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates?
What's your best response to an insult?
Extroverts who turned into introverts, how and why?
What is the most commonly used swear word in your country?
What would you do if you find out a person that you thought was out of your league has a crush on you?
What do you hope doesn’t go ‘back to normal’?
What under $10 item is a total game changer?
Americans of reddit, what is your opinion on switching to the metric system?
What are the best exercise songs?
Introverts of Reddit, when was the most inconvenient time your "social battery" ran out?
Cops of reddit, what’s the most bullshit sounding excuse you got that actually turned out to be true?
You can have 1,000,000 of anything EXCEPT money. What do you choose?
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?
Why do you believe in god?
What is the dumbest thing you had to explain to someone?
What interesting hobbies or interests have you picked up since the lockdown?
What part of aging, hit you without warning?
How real are you?
[Serious] How would you restructure law enforcement?
What movie went from 0-100 really quick?
What's your favorite quote from a movie?
If Lasagna is just a Pasta cake, and ketchup is just tomatoes smoothie, what other food alternative names that you can think of?
Who is the most difficult video game boss of all time?
What can those who don’t live in Hong Kong do to support the protesters fighting for freedom?
Do you think couples right now are having more sex because they are home together longer or less sex because they are home together longer? Why?
What is something that you are NEVER FUCKING BUYING AGAIN?
What kind of movie do you like most of the time? Please tell about this why ?
Men of reddit, what myth about men is 100% untrue and infuriates you when you hear it ?
What jobs don't exist now but will in 40 years?
What religion makes the most "sense" to you?
What’s a small purchase people frequently make that adds up to a surprisingly large sum over time?
What are some skills people think are difficult to learn but in reality are easy and impressive?
If there was a class called "WTF 101", what will be taught in that?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What is something your partner has done during sex that completely ruined it for you?
What is the best old fashioned hyperbole?
You get a free car but it is designed by childhood you. What are you driving now?
Regardless of your political views, who do you think is gonna win? Trump or Biden?
What if USA was a country?
What's the best "lazy person" tool you own?
How would you feel about different types of nsfw tags like Gore and sexual nsfw?
What golden nugget of information do you have to share?
What do you think buzzfeed employees worked on while reddit was down yesterday?
Religious and former religious people of reddit, how do you feel about blasphemy?
You wake up one day as a toddler. What do you do next?
If you had to select a computer field, which sub-field would you like to study?
People of reddit. What's the dumbest arguement you've ever had?
What’s a song that so funky, it makes you say “damn, that’s funky”?
Dads of Reddit, what's it like having a sixth sense that's directly linked to the thermostat?
30 years from now you’re a professor of Meme history. What’s your first topic?
Why would it be morally okay/not okay to ship real people (if they are actually a couple)?
At a theme park for grown-ups, where the rides/attractions are the stuff in life you’ve always wanted to try (like using the airplane emergency slide), where do you go first?
Winston Churchill famously said “You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they’ve tried everything else.” What are some good examples that prove OR disprove this quote’s accuracy?
What are your thoughts on making all officer body camera footage publicly accessible?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you on your birthday?
People who lost a parent to suicide at a young age, what would you say to them now? Surviving parents, what advice would you give to someone in your position today?
Does your career give you crippling anxiety and depression? If so, what area of law do you practice in?
What's the most wildest dream youve had while sleeping?
What is a misconception about your job that you want to clear up?
Whats a memorable compliment you have received from a peer that wasn't someone trying to flirt with you?
If you were very rich, what things would you absolutely NOT buy?
What is a type of product that gets worse the more expensive it is?
Of all movie opening scenes, what one sold the entire film the most?
Teachers of Reddit, what is your funniest Zoom encounters with your class?
What product immediately becomes scarier when you put "military grade" in front of it?
What should people stop buying?
If you have given the chance to start your life over at age 11 right now, but still keep all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
Millionaires of reddit, how long did it take for you to become a millionaire?
Those of you who are listening to music while scrolling, what are you listening to?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something that you wish everyone knew about their body?
What is your favourite subreddit and why?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
what do you think is the worst time for you to have a voice crack?
What would you change about the view outside your window?
Would your past self be proud of who you are today?
You now have to fight the main villain you last saw on a movie/TV show. How fucked are you?
Has anyone ever given a "nice guy" a chance after they've thrown a tantrum because you didn't let them treat you like a queen? And if you did, how did it work out?
whats a subtle sign someone’s depressed?
Who is one stranger you remember?
What made you grow up faster than you should have?
If orgasms were painful instead of pleasurable, what major changes in society or history would there be?
Hong Kong protesters how is it going on the front lines?
To every redditor who feels lonely: Hi, how was your day?
What is your favourite body part and why?
[nsfw] Males of Reddit, what’s the worst part about having a dick?
People who like the Emoji Movie. WHY?
You suddenly gain the power to do the impossible. What do you do first?
What quote has always stuck with you?
What are some movies worth watching told from the antagonist’s point of view?
What advice would you give to your 18 year old self?
Do you ever wish that after you died, you got to see your total stats page? Like in a video game? Which one of your personal stats would you want to know the most?
Social/religious norms aside, how would you like your death to be mourned/celebrated?
What was your scariest "A second later and I would've died" moment?
What are the benefits of increasing your Karma points?
Joke lovers of Reddit, what’s a great joke?
What would be a deal breaker for you in a relationship?
Redditors who were taken back by their biological parents after your adoption was finalized, what was the fallout?
[SERIOUS] If people accidentally mistook you for the AMZN CEO, what would you do?
If you get a chance to meet your loved ones who have passed away,what would you do ?
What's a thought provoking fact that you know?
What is something you severely dislike about Reddit?
What are some games that are local multiplayer like diablo 3?
What are some subtle signs that you are stressed?
If "Bullshit" means fake and "Batshit" means crazy what do the other "shits" of the animal kingdom mean?
What are some horror movies whose true stories are way scarier?
People not from the western world. What's something Westerners eat that makes you wonder "Why the heck would you eat that!?"?
How much weight have you gained or losses since the beginning of quarantine?
Hey Reddit, When did your “Somethings not right here” gut Feeling ever save you?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever been afraid of as a child?
What became so popular at your school that the teachers had to ban it?
What’s the worst thing to wake up to?
Whats a series that had a great plot and storyline at the start, but in the end it just became shitty?
What’s something people misunderstand way too often?
What is the first video game you remember playing?
How come the majority of Middle Easterns aren’t black since the Middle East is very similar to Africa in climate?
What 2000s song will always be a banger?
What is the most majestic way to say "I jerked off"?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some underrated games do you think more people should play?
You add "bitch!" to the title of a movie, what's the plot about?
At what age do you stop being afraid of sleeping in an empty house?
“What if phobias are made from how you died in a past life” if this would be true, how did you die?
Imagine your life is secretly being recorded 24/7 ( like The Truman Show). What kind of memes would your show’s fandom make about you?
Girls of reddit, what're some common misconceptions about you that guys frequently believe?
How often do you exaggerate?
If you could get rid of any law what would it be?
What advice would y'all give to a new Reddit User?
What do others compliment most often about you?
What horror movie legitimately had a lasting effect on you?
What is the most horrific thing that someone has told you super casually?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened after?
Bi people of reddit do crushes on guys and girls feel different, if so what is different?
Without using your country's name, what is your country known for?
What TV show do you hate but watch anyway?
You are what you eat, so what is most you made up of?
Women of Reddit, who/what gives you a lady boner?
Gordon Ramsay is invited to your house for dinner. Each piece of criticism he gives about the food awards you $1,000. What are you serving for dinner?
If you were to die, what song would you want playing on your way to heaven?
You are now Fire resistant, what do you do?
What’s a time you got caught lying? What did you do?
What's the rudest thing a guest has ever done in your home?
What was the best moment you've seen where the real world hit a spoiled rich kid?
What if you could answer the question "What is your name?" ?
There is an anime called Death Note. In that anime, a guy gets a notebook in which he can write the name any person and the person will die. If you get that death note, how would you use it?
Mark Zuckerberg announces that from now on Facebook page Will be asigned to person at theur birth and Facebook drones Will take selfie of a person every month to post it. How would you react?
People who proposed to their S/O, when was moment you ‘knew’?
What are some warning signs of predatory behavior that you believe more people should be aware of?
What is your best ice breaker?
Redditors, which generic AskReddit questions are you tired of seeing?
Who are the worst kinds of people?
What's a non-horror movie that you think would be great as a horror movie?
Men of reddit who proposed and she said no, what happened afterwards with your life?
What TV show did you last watch?
What would be the slogan for the human race?
They say there are no stupid question, but what's the most stupid question you have ever been asked?
People who were born deaf but gained hearing later in life, what objects did you expect to make noise?
Guys of Reddit, what do girls do that is very cute but they don't know it?
What is one thing that is completely normal but you hate it?
The Minneapolis City Council says it's considering to disband its police department in favor of a community-oriented public safety agency. What do you think?
Being naked with friends while just chilling (and possibly touching) sounds like a pleasant time, but an important question to ask is: what kind of friendship is this called? How does one even find friends like this?
What professions get looked down upon, but actually pay good?
What wouldn't you do for someone you love?
You are meeting your new boyfriend/girlfriends parents at their house for dinner for the first time. Your new bf/gf leaves to go to the bathroom. What do you say to their parents to create a maximum level of awkwardness for the rest of the evening before they come back from bathroom?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
If you could have anything (animal(fictional or real),object, etc) as a pet what would it be?
How do you sell your soul to the devil?
What do you think is the reason (or motivation) for turning people in the US against each other?
What's the "went through med school just to realize you couldn't stand the sight of blood" of your job field?
What are some huge GREEN flags that are often overlooked?
What are great questions to ask your interviewer at the end of a job interview?
[Serious] You're a very successful, high-end celebrity. Someone is writing a biography about your life so far, and it becomes a best seller. What are some things from your past that you would rather leave out?
You can choose one WEIRD new skill to instantly learn. What are you learning how to do?
What’s that story you’ve never been able to tell?
What's the most useless trivia you know?
Morgan Freeman’s freckles are the source of his power. What is the source of other celebrity’s power?
Former flat-earthers, what made you realize the earth is, in fact, not flat?
you are teleported into a game of your choice for a month, if you die in the game you die in real life BUT Whatever you collect in the game you can keep in real life. (skils, magic, items, pets, clothes) what game do you pick?
Genuinely, what is going on in the USA right now?
What do you get worse at the more you practice?
What incident made you lose respect for your parents?
What would be the title of the last song you heard if you add "In My Ass" to it?
Parents of reddit, what's it like having a "toxic" child?
How often do you reuse (shower) towels before washing them?
You find a genie, but instead of 3 wishes you only get 1. He says you can't wish for love, death, or money. What is your wish?
What is a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
What is Reddit good at?
Youtubers with small channels, what are some difficulties you have to face and overcome?
Sweetheart Redditors, What small change/adjustment did you make at home or in life that ended up making an improvement in your relationships and how?
People from ghetto/inner city neighborhoods, what shocked you when you went to your middle class friend's house?
What songs(s) do you have on repeat?
Which actor do you miss?
What happened today that made you happy?
What has happened that made you think "I'm surrounded by idiots"?
What did a fictional character say that stuck with you?
What 'saying' makes you lose brain cells?
If you had the power to stop time and start it back at will, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What is your passion?
Are you taking the stairway to heaven, or the highway to hell? Why?
What is that one piece of software that you have to use despite hating it?
If you could write a message and send it off to sea in a bottle, what would you write?
What is one fact you know that will make other people respond with “and why the f**k do you know that?”
What's a sound most people recognize?
What's something you whole-heartedly believe but just don't have enough evidence to prove it yet?
Why did cloaks fall out of fashion?
Hunters and campers of Reddit, what’s the most scared you’ve ever been in the woods?
What’s the most bullshit “fact” you can make up that sounds true?
Why do you clap when the airplane lands?
What's something you've gotten away with as a kid because "they're young and don't know what they're doing!" when really you knew exactly what you were doing?
Cops of Reddit, when do you side with the criminal as he or she has a point?
Arachnophobes, what is the most scariest situation you had with a creepy crawly?
What is the most severe case of someone being completely out of touch with reality you've ever seen?
Waiters what Valentine day disasters have you witnessed?
What ruins a movie for you?
What hobby would you like to give a try but don't because of the expense?
Without saying what is your favorite animal?
What is the safest way to send/recieve money? Where the other person doesnt recieve any of your personal info?
What's your creepiest "glitch in the matrix" or unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
What could you talk about for 30 minutes straight without any preparation?
What's that one product that is completely worth your money?
Facebook employees, How is it like working for facebook nowadays?
What is by far, the best type of button?
How can an individual make a significant change in the world without having an insane amount of money to throw at a problem?
In your opinion, what is the best investment you have ever made?
What's one question you hate being asked?
What is something you had in your childhood that isn’t around anymore?
Which fictional death hit you the hardest?
Unbeknownst to you, the gift you bought your SO for Christmas this year is cursed. What is going to happen when they open it?
What is your favorite one-hit wonder song?
Etymologists of Reddit, what is the coolest origin of a word? Entomologist of Reddit, what's your best bug fact?
Students of reddit, what was the dumbest thing the class clown ever did?
Professors and university employees of Reddit, what behind-the-scenes campus drama went on that students never knew about?
Males of reddit, when is the worst time to get a boner?
Which fictional death made you really sad?
What products would a KAREN themed website sell or promote?
What's a skill you have that you cannot put in your CV?
How do you eat your Oreos?
how would you torture someone for 24 hours, if they have to survive the torture, but it also has to be the worst torture you can think of?
You wake up tomorrow and the simulation resets to 12/12/12, but you (and only you) have all of the knowledge and information that you've acquired since. What's the first thing you do?
What is the most illegal thing you can do with one dollar ?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the biggest story in your country right now?
What is the saddest D.C villains origin story?
what type of art you like the most ?
Your username is the way you will die. How do you go out?
The plot of the last movie you watched is what's gonna happen next in 2020. What is it?
What’s the most satisfying thing you do everyday?
Women of reddit, what are your instant turn offs?
Redditors who are married to Karens, how is it like?
Everyone who ever was US president appears in your house. How would you react to all those previously dead guys?
What's a profound moment in human history that no one talks about?
What was your "you NEED to see a doctor" moment?
What are the free things online in your opinion that everyone during lockdown should take advantage of?
Redditors who clean up crime scenes - what's the most bizarre thing you've witnessed?
What fictional character would be the coolest to hang out with?
What two games, when combined, would make the best game ever?
PornHub Fans have you ever hit that Share on Facebook button and why?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to keep driving?
What tv show do you remember most from your childhood??
What’s your favorite Monty Python movie moment/quote?
What is your ultimate late night snack?
Your goal is to anger an entire fandom. How do you do it?
Have you ever had a dream so good, that you ended up sad when you woke up? If so, what was it?
People who dressed up as clowns and lurked in woods or fields in 2016, why?
Divorce Lawyers of Reddit, what's the most outrageous reason someone filed for divorce?
[Serious] What is the deadliest thing known to mankind?
What song immediately puts your mind at ease?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the biggest case of "faking it" you've ever seen?
Why do you have trust issues?
What are some safety rules you had to follow as a child that wouldn’t make sense applied to an adult?
Which celebrity do you fear is mentally unstable?
What is extremely rare but people think it’s very common?
You are offered $10,000,000 to put the last thing you took a photograph of up your ass. Do you accept? Why or why not?
People who had considered themselves "incels" (involuntary celibates) but have since had sex, how do you feel looking back at your previous self?
You are given a brick and told to sell it for $1000. If you succeed you get $1million. You cannot tell anyone your goal. What is your plan?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing to happen to you when you’ve been home alone?
What is a sign that you're unattractive?
People who don’t comment on posts, why not?
What would you do if a big hairy homeless man broke into your house and said "your a wizard"?
(Serious) People who have survived a murder attempt (by dumb luck) whats your story?
What unsolved mystery has no plausible explanation?
What is an important piece of advice you can give for those moving into the “real world”?
Cops of Reddit what is the most suspicious thing you've ever caught somebody doing for a totally legitimate reason?
People who only eat the middle part of the Oreos, just why?
If products had consciousness, what product would be the most mentally scarred from its use?
The last thing you drew comes to life, what happens?
Which fictional world deserves better than the shitty movie/TV series it got?
What is currently happening that is scaring you?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, have anyone actualy jumped into your taxi and screamed "Follow that car!!"? If Yes, what happened?
The task: make your family disown you with as little words as possible. What do you say?
Atheists, if God came into you’re house and let you ask one question what would it be?
What video game series should get rebooted?
What just doesn't make sense about the Harry Potter universe?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What is one memory that never fails to make you smile every time you think about it?
Why didn't you do what you were supposed to do today?
What’s the closest thing to magic in existence?
What's your go to happy song?
What if we train birds to throw trash in trash bins?
People who grab their glasses by the lens, who hurt you?
Certain foods have a “correct” way of eating them. What are some wrong ways to eat those foods?
What is the best way to cook pancakes?
What do you think about while you try and fall asleep?
What if there was no such thing as friction?
is finding sitting on the floor comforting normal when you’re sad?
What is something you did that increased your quality of life so much that you wished you would have done it much sooner because it changed your life forever?
Redditors who have eaten at the Times Square Olive Garden, why?
What's your biggest flex when you are a kid?
Fellow multilingual Redditors, what have you overheard from people who didn’t think you spoke/understand the same language?
What is a fun fact about depression ?
People who have converted a van/bus into a camper, what do you wish you knew before you started?
What is something that gets better with age?
You discover a north korean space fortress on the dark side of the moon. What do you do?
What’s the worst gift you have ever received?
People who found out they weren’t the father, how did it go down?
What is your biggest regret in life and what would you do differently if you could go back in time?
Which compliment actually made you feel insecure?
What are some survival myths that could potentially kill/harm you rather than save you?
Without saying its name, what is your favorite video game?
Have you ever sorted anything by "Price: High to Low", and if so what was it?
Anyone, what are some stories you have wanted to tell people but haven’t had the right askreddit question to answer?
What was the thing that got you onto reddit?
If plants could talk what are some of the creepiest things they would say?
What song can’t you listen to without crying or getting emotional?
What song do you currently have playing in your head?
What is actually wrong with saying 'all lives matter' instead of 'black lives matter' ?
What’s the saddest death in a movie/show?
Your favorite song is how you die. How do you die?
What old insults need to make a comeback?
What are the things about technology that frustrates you and make you impatient?
What is your "It's 2020, we put a man on the moon, but we can't even.." complaint?
Happy people of reddit, how do you do it?
What three things would you bury together to confuse a future archaeologist?
[Serious]What do you hate most about the school system, and what could they do in your eyes to be better?
What is a subreddit to steer clear from?
Gamers of reddit, when was there a real world situation where gaming gave you an edge?
What video game made your childhood?
Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old
What was your “We’re done” moment with a friend?
Men of reddit, What is a good way to make the woman you are following at night on the sidewalk know that you mean her no harm?
[serious] People who have confronted their parents about their toxic behavior, how did it go?
To all the Overthinkers on Reddit, what do you actually overthink?
Teachers of reddit, what are some of the weirdest things you’ve confiscated from a student?
Hiring managers of Reddit, what was something on someone’s CV/resume that made you either immediately want to hire them or immediately reject them?
Have you ever gotten an award on reddit? If so what was it for?
People of Reddit, When is one time you have felt genuine, 100% fear?
What is a relatively minor change/upgrade you've made to your home which has had a MAJOR impact on your quality of life?
What else does GTFO stand for?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever been blamed for?
What has this pandemic ruined for you?
Suicide Prevention Megathread
What was a show/movie you watched as a kid but now that you're older you think "Wow, this is terrible."?
People who are relatives to pornstars, how is it like?
What movie could you rewatch 1000 times?
What is a profession that isn't highly respected, but should be?
What is your go-to song to test new headphones?
Cosplayers, what’s one cosplay you will never do again and why?
Trevor Noah once said "America is 50 countries masquerading as one" do you think this is true or false if so why?
Which books should a person read at least once in their life?
We see police brutality because civilians can record it with their phones, so what do you think we are NOT seeing that goes on in prisons between inmates and prison guards?
If you got to choose, which time period would you live in?
Why should you NOT be the president?
What’s a skill everyone needs to learn before they’re 50?
What subscription do you refuse to buy and why?
If someone point a gun to you, what would you do?
What makes a movie good?
What ruined Christmas this year?
Whats a pet peeve that always gets you riled up?
Your husband woke up, he went to the bathroom, he squeezed the toothpaste into the sink, there’s a reflection of another man in the mirror, he smashes his head into the mirror, then he says “How’s Annie?” repeatedly, and laughs uncontrollably. What do you do?
What is your least favorite thing about one of your favorite things?
What's a joke only a specific fanbase will get?
If you could change anything about the world and everybody would obey, what would it be?
What's a name we haven't heard in a very long time?
[Serious] Redditor’s who live in secluded towns, what is the darkest thing that happened in your town but is kept secret?
Reddit, what makes you happy?
What seemed bad in the moment but turned out to be one of the best things to happen to you?
Is being a virgin a deal breaker when you consider someone for dating? Why or why not?
What is your favorite and least favorite architectural style?
What if dinosaurs never died?
What career path is not very popular but you make a lot of money?
Are you happy today? If so why? If not how can we support you?
Would you accept to become a 20 year old again,but you keep all your current memories and skills? Why or why not?
Hey, Reddit, those of you with partners who talk in their sleep; what is the creepiest/weirdest/or most random thing they've said?
People who can speak multiple languages: what language do you think in?
Cancer survivors, what was the event that caused you to say “I should get that checked out.”?
What horror movie do you think you'd easily survive if you were in it?
If someone offered you 500k lump sum to take Cold Showers and baths for the rest of your life.. would you do it and why?
What does being successful mean to you?
If you were employed prior to the coronavirus please weigh in. Are you still employed? What's your industry and position?
Have you seen your Reddit comment on YouTube. If so what was it?
Gynecologists and urologist, how has your profession affected your sex life?
What's a useless skill you have?
What stays on during sex?
What is the worst time to hear someone say “oops?”
What was the career you thought you would pursue when you were younger, and what do you do now?
What’s the most fucked up Reddit story you’ve read?
What is the pettiest, silliest, most meaningless hill you are willing to die on?
What is legal but immoral/unethical ?
Artists of reddit. What is the weirdest commission you've gotten?
what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?
What is a hobby that requires little to no money?
What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?
[Serious] What was a moment in your life where paranoia or your gut feeling saved you?
What are some things science doesn't understand, that you would think we would by now?
If your username is the cure, what's the disease?
What normal thing have you never owned?
What is a viable replacement for police? Why would it work?
[Serious] With news being dominated by protests and unrest, what important legislation/policies are slipping by unnoticed?
What is your favorite smell?
You are given a baby on your 21 first birthday, the child turns out to be you as a baby. Raising him won’t change your life, only his. How would you raise this child to give it a better life than the one you have?
Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
What's a red flag when looking for a job?
People that actually use the "share" button on Pornhub, why?
[Serious] Redditors who were the final people to see a missing person, have they been found? And how has their disappearance affected you?
What’s something exceptional about you that you didn’t realize until later in life? [Serious]
What's your biggest "my spidey senses are tingling" moment?
People of reddit, what is something you wish was normalised?
imagine tomorrow covid-19 completely disappears and lockdown is lifted. where is the first place you go or the first thing you do?
What is the most a dollar has ever gotten you?
When is the “both sides” argument complete bullshit?
what is your favourite comic book and why?
What percentage is your phone battery?
What is something about yourself that you won't tell people in person, but that you'll share with strangers on the internet?
What’s the best way to tell someone that their baby is ugly?
Who was the trashiest person or people that you’ve ever seen on public transport?
Escape Room enthusiasts, what is the most absurd thing you have had to do to win?
What were some of your first physical signs of starting to age?
What are some movies worth watching in which the good person does *Not* win in the end?
What made us decide to brush our teeth in the same room we shit in?
If you had to tell someone that a loved one has passed away in the most inappropriate way possible, how would you do it?
If you were offered immortality, but everytime moonlight shined on you, you'd be a walking skeleton, would you accept it? if so, why?
What would happen if a new gaming console was released to rival the likes of Playstation, Xbox and Nintendo?
What innocent question that someone asked you, crushed you a little?
Whats an ad you actually like?
What annoys you the most?
What movie plot would be completely different if one character had a gun?
You’re on death row; what’s your last meal?
What is the most "worth it" item you have ever purchased?
How would society change if we could literally shit bricks?
What's the best quote from a video game?
The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
Should the USA place a "fat tax" on sugary drinks and junk food to combat obesity why or why not?
What’s something about you that you think nobody can relate to?
What was something you didn't know you needed until you tried it out?
[SERIOUS] People with Anxiety, what is the thing that calms you down whilst you're having an attack?
How would you feel if the lockdown opens up and in the first week the second wave of COVID hits?
What part of being an adult were you absolutely not prepared for?
What is the worst possible time to say, "I'm Batman"?
When was the last time you felt 100% healthy, no ailments or any hint of pain or soreness?
Your username is now a company. What do you do/sell?
Whenever l walk past this one specific house, l hear this quiet bleep sound. What is that?
What do you think 2021 will be like?
you gain the ability to mind control people as long as you can physically see them (you can't control people who are livestreaming something, they have to be physically there) what do you use this power for?
What's a song you love, but avoid listening to because of how powerfully emotional it is for you?
Jesus said “he who lives by the sword dies by the sword” and he was a carpenter who died nailed to a piece of wood. By this logic, how would you die?
What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
How would you feel about a law that requires anybody that wants to be a parent to be able to pass a competency test and parenting course before being allowed to have a baby?
Non drinkers of Reddit, what do you tell people when they ask "why don't you drink"?
How much damage would it cost if the internet went down for one second?
What's the fastest you've seen a crowd go from excited to horrified?
What is the all time best nude scene in a movie?
in what way can you describe your country?
Redditors who have a job that people make fun of, what's it like?
What is the longest time you've kept up a joke for?
What keeps you up at night?
If youtube was shutting down its website and they gave you one last chance to watch a single video, what would it be?
What's a childhood memory you have that seems completely random and has had no bearing on your life, but that you remember very vividly?
Who's your celebrity look-alike?
What is one piece of clothing that is good to remain worn during sex?
People who cheated on their spouses and didn't get caught. Do you feel guilty?
You have 5 billion dollars to spend in the dumbest way possible, how do you spend it?
What only exists to piss people off?
Are you okay? Why or why not?
What show are you kinda half watching while browsing Reddit?
ex vegans, why did you start eating meat again?
What is your opinion on a cashless society?
What's an underrated or out-dated music genre that should become popular again?
If you were able to know the answer to anything, what would it be and why?
2020 will be known for one thing and one thing only, all other details will be swept under the rug by historians. What major event of this year do you want to be remembered?
What have you not done, that most people your age have?
If Jeff Bezos decided to share his fortune with everyone on the planet, what would you do with your $17.50?
What the weirdest thing you did while you were high?
non british people of reddit, what do you find odd about britain?
What’s that one cringe-inducing memory from years ago that you can’t get out of your head?
You get to create the creature that ends the world. What do you make?
What are some tips you would give to a graduating high school student?
What’s your favourite random fact?
What is your Favorite Superhero Film and Why?
What was the worst physical/emotional pain you've experienced in your life?
What is, in your opinion, the most useless school subject?
What's the best experience on Reddit you've had so far?
What are some decent paying jobs you can get if you were a C student in highschool?