What are some facts that make you happy?
What do others compliment most often about you?
What's something small that annoys you whenever you see it because no one else seems to care?
What will you never stop complaining about?
How did you switch your careers in your 30s?
What is your favourite movie/series montage?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some “red flags” people should look out for when they go out to eat?
Do you actually mean it, when you say it's never too late to start learning/doing something?
What is 10x scarier at night then day?
What would be the worst fruit to use as a dildo?
What is your favorite and least favorite architectural style?
What is your "This person has no idea how the real world works" moment?
What does it say if someone tweets 200 times in one day?
When parent's get divorced shouldn't be they the ones that go to the house where the kid lives, instead of the kid having to change houses every week or so?
What "unhealthy" food is healthier than people think?
What's something that you hated as a kid, but enjoyed as an adult?
What are your Favorite scenes from Titanic?
[Serious] Redditors who have been clinically dead and then revived/resuscitated: What did dying feel like? How it changed your life? Did you see anything while passed on?
Girls, what was the most obvious hint you dropped, and the guy just didn't get it?
What’s due for a major overhaul?
What about sex or the idea of sex is appealing to you?
Who's the musical artist or group that you just can't tolerate at all?
How can you summarize historical events so they sound like porn titles? [NSFW]
What's your creepiest "glitch in the matrix" or unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
You're so hungry so you ordered a pizza. A few moments later the door bell rang and the pizza boy is Donald Trump. What you gonna do?
What is something in your search history that you are ashamed off and it's not porn or hentai of any kind?
What's a wholesome song you know?
What's one thing your looking forward to?
What would you do if you find out a person that you thought was out of your league has a crush on you?
Gamers of reddit who no longer game, or don't game as much, what situation or life experience has changed your gaming habits?
How would people feel about the term ‘Police Reform’ as opposed to ‘Defund the Police’?
Ex-Friends of a Serial Killer What Were They Like?
What’s the WORST response you can give to someone who just told you “I love you”, for the first time?
What is something about your country you're actually really proud of?
What things can one do to make themself unrecognizable?
What’s something you won’t ever do again after Covid-19?
What is your wisdom?
If you were to die, what song would you want playing on your way to heaven?
Extroverts who turned into introverts, how and why?
What’s something that gets an unnecessary amount of hate?
What looks super easy but is actually difficult as fuck?
If you could instantly be fluent in any one language that you do not currently know, which would you choose?
What's your opinion on what's about to happen to Hong Kong?
What’s the biggest scam people still fall for?
What's something that you really like about another community/group of people?
What mythical creature would you most like to have a prolonged encounter with?
What show have you been watching lately?
Your plan for world domination has succeeded! But instead of an evil overlord, you are a mildly infuriating overlord. What is the first law you pass to mildly infuriate everyone?
what is the best thing to do wasting time this quarantine?
Every 60 seconds, a minute passes in Africa. What other dumb but funny facts do you have like that?
When did you realise you weren't a child anymore?
Guys of reddit, what can us girls do to make you feel special?
Divorce Lawyers of Reddit, what's the most outrageous reason someone filed for divorce?
Ex-smokers of reddit, what gave you that final push to quit?
What were some times when you died inside?
How would you handle it if someone in strange clothing you've never seen before asked you, "What year is it?"
If life was a video game, what would be some hidden achievements?
What inanimate object do you think will hold the best conversation if it suddenly had the ability too? What would you talk to it about?
What are great questions to ask your interviewer at the end of a job interview?
What famous quote would mean something completely different if another person said it?
[Serious] What is a complete deal breaker in starting a relationship?
If your username is the answer, what's the question?
Parents of Reddit, what "why?" Has your toddler thrown you that even Google couldn't answer?
Everyone is jealous of something. What are you jealous of?
Is being a virgin a deal breaker when you consider someone for dating? Why or why not?
Dear people who listen to music without headphones in public spaces. Why do you do it ?
What’s the best “hell yeah!” Moment in a movie?
Kids who sung on Kidz Bop, how was that experience and did you ever put that on a resume?
What movie hit you the hardest, emotionally speaking?
People in their 30's, what is your advice to people in their 20's?
What made you sad today?
People who have felt both breasts and moobs (even if one of them are your own) what are the similarities and differences from your personal experience?
What’s something that looks safe but can easily kill you?
So your crush is in your bedroom, what now?
People who had considered themselves "incels" (involuntary celibates) but have since had sex, how do you feel looking back at your previous self?
Aliens of Reddit, what is the strangest human behavior you have encountered so far?
If you could call yourself 10 years ago and speak for 1minute, what would you say?
As of right now, what will it take to make you 100% happy?
Which song describes your current situation perfectly?
What are some true and untrue stereotypes about your country?
What is your "It's 2020, we put a man on the moon, but we can't even.." complaint?
When did the popular kid’s life fall apart in a few seconds?
What's your favourite part about the country you live in?
Do you ever find yourself hating Reddit a little bit? A lot? If so, why? [Serious]
What's the most American thing ever that if explained to a non-American might just sound crazy?
What is the most useless thing you have spent money on?
What's the last app you purchased on iOS?
What little things keep you happy?
What’s the best comeback you’ve ever heard?
What do you still wonder even after several years?
Redditors from New Zealand, what were your experiences during quarantine and then finally having no cases of COVID19? Is your prime minister really as good as the media tells? What actions did your health sector take?
Younger people of Reddit, what are things a middle aged person should know that perhaps they don't?
What is the most useless job/profession?
People who romanticized a city or a country and then decided to move there, how has your perception changed since moving?
Fast food workers what is the craziest thing you have seen on the job?
Cops of Reddit what is the most suspicious thing you've ever caught somebody doing for a totally legitimate reason?
What was that one time you lied and couldn't believe you got away with it?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened?
What/who do you love?
Non-Americans who have been to the US: What is the weirdest thing about America that Americans don't realise is weird?
Do you fear death? Why or why not?
Do you ever wish that after you died, you got to see your total stats page? Like in a video game? Which one of your personal stats would you want to know the most?
[Serious] A few years ago, the Guggenheim museum unveiled an exhibit that was a gold, fully functioning toilet that visitors could use. The exhibit was called America. How do you feel about this?
People with weird/obscure jobs, what is your job and how did you get the job?
A stranger becomes you for 24 hours, what is one question they would ask you when the 24 hours is up?
People who didn’t get haircuts before covid-19 what are your plans when your hair gets to long?
What do you believe happens when you die?
What horror movie legitimately had a lasting effect on you?
What's something good that's happened in 2020?
People who have found their friends "secret" Reddit accounts, what was the most shocking thing you found out about them?
What video games have you spent countless hours on and said to your self "wow, i really got my money's worth out of this game" ?
Tattoo artists, what pieces are you tired of doing?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to keep driving?
The plot of the last movie you watched is what's gonna happen next in 2020. What is it?
Earth, fire, wind, water, and heart results in Captain Planet appearing. What five things would summon you?
[Serious] What is the most terrifying sound or noise to you?
What is something that your parents did that you swore never to repeat to your own kids?
Who is a random passerby/interaction that you will never forget but you are sure they don't remember you?
People with any sort of STD, How did it change your life?
Whats good sex advice for a first timer?
What is something annoying that people assume about you?
People who were Religious before you did DMT how did it change your views on religion?
Your job is to make a new super hero for Marvel based upon an animal. What’s the animal and what’s the super power?
Your username is the next disaster of 2020, what happens?
What movie would be better if it didn't have a happy ending?
How would you feel about a law that requires anybody that wants to be a parent to be able to pass a competency test and parenting course before being allowed to have a baby?
What is the best dark-humour joke you have ever heard?
What’s the best comeback to “You’re a walking advert for abortion”?
Whats the weirdest or wildest thing you've seen out in nature?
What do you judge people for most often?
Users who upvote questions but don’t answer them: Why?
To everyone who lives outside of America, how are other countries reporting on us?
People who get upset at the thought of their husband/wife remarrying after their death, why does this upset you?
Gamers, what's your proudest achievement?
You are offered a million dollars, but to claim it you must enter the last video game you played. It’s been a week. How’s life in the game?
What's a thought provoking fact that you know?
How would you feel about a high school class called "Therapy" where kids are taught how to set boundaries and deal with their emotions in a healthy manner?
Baby carrots are NOT baby carrots, but they're larger carrots whittled down to look like smaller carrots. What other facts have you learned that make your life feel like a lie?
You can choose a superpower, but the first person to reply can choose a side effect. What superpower do you choose?
If you were offered a cyber body, which one would you choose? Male, female, human .. or not? Why?
Whats the deal with Wales? It's like the red headed step child of the U.K. What has it ever done?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever overheard?
What are some interesting, creative internet sites?
The closest yellow object will try to kill you in 1 hour. How do you prepare?
What if Google was a dating site and it matched people based on their search histories?
What's one book everyone needs to read?
We're about 3 months into the wave of online meetings. What embarrassing moments have you witnessed?
You’re laying in bed home alone at 3 AM. What sound would be the scariest thing to hear at that time?
What is the one “bad manner” that you simply cannot tolerate ?
Since 2020 is going down as one of the worst years in modern human history. What was considered a really good year?
What was something you didn't know you needed until you tried it out?
State your age and something which you can't do ?
What's more embarrassing than realizing somebody was not waving at you?
What are some sex tips for a rookie?
What has been an upside to the lockdown for you?
How do you deal with a roommate that has loud sex?
A wizard is selling potions but the good ones are all too expensive, which potions would you find in the discount bin?
You are given $10k with the criteria that it must all be spent hosting an epic party, what's the most original party you can think of?
Redditors who have found jobs during the pandemic, how did you do it?
Garbage men of Reddit what’s the oddest thing you’ve seen people throwing away?
Men with common girls names, what are your struggles?
What song best embodies 2020 (so far)?
How do you learn to love yourself?
Have you ever "Dined and dashed" and what is your story?
What is the coolest thing you own?
If you were employed prior to the coronavirus please weigh in. Are you still employed? What's your industry and position?
If you could be any person from history who would you be?
Redditors who were dating someone that went from "I think I want to marry this person" to "I think I need a restraining order", what happened?
What "life tip" has actually improved your life?
What is something you’ve lost but didn’t realize until years later?
People who have anger problems, what is the best way you let out your anger?
What is a sexual fetish that you "just don't get"?
What do you see as worse: living with your mother as a 30 year old or with your dad and why?
Your task is to make one billion people mad at you as quickly as you can. What do you do?
If, instead of rebooting movies, it became a trend to retell them from a different characters perspective, what film would you want to see retold and from who’s point of view?
How do you tell a depressed friend or partner that you don’t have the mental resources to listen to them be depressed anymore, without coming across as a massive asshole?
What is a common misconception you are shocked people still believe in?
The opticians are all closed. Your eyesight went 'weird' but you need to check you can drive, what's the most dangerous method you can think of to test it?
What is one thing everyone should know that most don't know?
What is something you instead hated as a kid but now enjoy as an adult?
People who actually eat dinner with your families every night without a television being on, how's that going?
American reddit users: What do you think about Europe?
How would you turn golf into a contact sport?
To all male and female redditors alike, how is it perverted to tickle a female?
What's something you didn't learn about sex in sex ed?
What was once cool but was ruined by popularity?
How does someone make you lose your cool?
Everything that you think about comes true, with no way of stopping it. How badly are you screwed?
Which bad guy in fiction was correct in his beliefs or reasons?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever seen anyone spend money on?
What is legal but immoral/unethical ?
You’ve just died but before taking you to the afterlife God asks you “what unsolved mystery would you like to know the answer to.” What do you say next?
People who have had "friends" stab you in the back, what is the story?
Dogs of reddit how are you (bark bark bark bark bark)?
How difficult would it be for the average woman reading this to actually crush a watermelon with her thighs? Many women on yt seem to be doing that challenge rather effortlessly?
If you woke up tomorrow and were able to move things with your mind, how would you use this ability?
What conspiracy theory do you absolutely believe is true?
[Serious]Have you ever known someone who wholeheartedly believed that they were wolfkin/a vampire/an elf/had special powers, and couldn't handle the reality that they weren't when confronted? What happened to them?
What is stopping you from becoming the version of yourself you truly aspire to be?
What movie known for being terrible do you actually secretly like?
Redditors who cook, whats the biggest 'no no' thing in cooking?
What’s the worst thing to wake up to?
What was your dream job as a kid? Do you have it now? If yes, do you enjoy it?
What is one thing you should do or see before you die?
In Chinese there is a saying “He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.” When did this apply to you?
What about the future scares you the most?
What unusual medical quirks do you have that significantly impacted your life?
Who do you think is the most hated YouTuber?
non british people of reddit, what do you find odd about britain?
What one rather good thing someone can say that will instantly make you hate him?
People who live in a rural area/out in the country, what will "city folk" never understand?
What is the best video game for couples to play?
What are some skills people think are difficult to learn but in reality are easy and impressive?
What sounds do you like?
What do they do with the food that judges didn’t taste in masterchef?
Immigrants from china, what was a peice of media you didnt know was censored until you left china?
You suddenly gain the power to do the impossible. What do you do first?
What normal thing have you never owned?
What's the worst case of "rich kid syndrome" you've seen?
What if we train birds to throw trash in trash bins?
Whats your "go to" insult?
What's the worst insult you could come up with?
Do you sleep naked? Why or why not?
What are signs that YOU are the "bad friend"?
If you could time travel, what is one musical performance you would make sure to see live?
You have 10 seconds to get everyone out of a room, what do you do?
What is your witty comeback in an online argument?
We’ve been in this mess for 3 months now. How are you really doing?
What's the creepiest thing you've experienced?
[Serious] What are some creepy stories from your culture?
What single letter can you remove from a movie to turn it into a porno?
What did you find out about your friends sex life that actually shocked you?
If aliens did visit our planet would they be bringing new and unknown diseases to Earth? If so, what would the death toll just from disease be?
Why the fuck can't we all just get along?
What are things that people are ashamed of but shouldn't be ashamed of?
What was "the incident" in your high school?
People who were born in a country that no longer exists (I.e Soviet Union) what was it like losing your country?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be ?
If you would have to use a movie quote to describe your bowel movement, what would it be?
Austistic people of Reddit, how do you feel about anti-vaxxers exploiting your condition to promote their lies?
Have you ever quit a job, without another lined up, for you mental health? How did it turn out?
People of Reddit who killed someone, how do you live with that?
What's a movie you love, but if someone said they hated it you would completely understand why?
What human language would bees speak?
It's raining men. How strong of an umbrella will you need?
What is your favorite one-hit wonder song?
People who speak more than one language, what conversations have you understood/eavesdropped on when the opposite party had no idea you could?
How would you feel if the lockdown opens up and in the first week the second wave of COVID hits?
What really obvious thing have you only just realised?
What's the most disturbing thing you've seen/read on the internet?
How is Abraham Lincoln viewed by blacks, is he considered to be a hero for them?
How do you respond if someone calls you a creep?
[serious] What are some of the most overlooked spots in a house/apartment that aren’t being cleaned?
What is the nicest compliment a stranger gave you?
Men of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to women?
What's one of the dumbest things you've ever spent money on?
what do you think is the worst time for you to have a voice crack?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened after?
What quote do you live your life by?
What's one song that someone should listen to before they die?
People with mental illness, how does it affect your life?
What are some viby summer songs?
What is your secret dream that you wish it would be real?
What are some deep, thought provoking questions to ask someone to know them better?
What's something you did or said years ago that everyone's probably forgotten about, but you can't stop occasionally still thinking about it and feeling that self-cringe?
What is a song that gets old?
You must battle everyone you’ve had sex with, all at once. How screwed are you?
What if dinosaurs never died?
What single event in history do you think changed the world the most?
How would Trump have handled 9/11?
What harmful things are being taught to children?
What are the things you guys regretted not being aware of before becoming an adult?
[NSFW] Guys who actually bought the “you won’t last 5 minutes playing this game” game from the ads from porn, what was it? What happened? Was it a scam?
Teachers of Reddit when did you realise a kid was gifted?
What is the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
What's a fun little fact about yourself?
It’s the five year anniversary of the “post your favorite video that is 10 seconds or less” askreddit post. What are your new favorite 10 second clips?
With so many missing children in the world, how would you feel about microchips being implanted in humans when they're born?
What is a psychological trick you know to really fuck with someone ?
Which fictional character would you like to spend 24hrs with?
What is the cutest thing that your pet does?
Those who failed their drivers test, what went wrong?
What fictional place, person or thing do you wish was real?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, have anyone actualy jumped into your taxi and screamed "Follow that car!!"? If Yes, what happened?
What type of smirk/face do you like to do under your face mask?
What's the dumbest reason you got in trouble at school?
What is the scariest thing you’ve ever seen while driving at night?
What SHOULD you say after sex?
What food sounds beyond fucking good right now?
When you think about the “good old days” what comes to mind?
What movies are so bad they’re enjoyable?
Are you a morning person or a night owl and why?
For people who don't answer anything, why are you up-voting a post but not answering the post ?
At what job are all the employees fucking each other?
[SERIOUS] What topics would you talk about in a podcast?
What is your favorite movie ending you’ve ever seen, and why?
What worries you most about the future?
Are you ever nervous while going through airport security, if yes why?
Who was the trashiest person or people that you’ve ever seen on public transport?
To people who owned water beds at some point, did you like them ?
Redditors around the world, what is the biggest misconception about your country/culture?
What food do you absolutely despise eating?
People who pile on generic YouTube comments like “Who’s watching in 2019”, why do you do this?
What are some things to do when you’re suicidal and lonely?
What does $1000 get you for your hobby?
With everyone becoming so much more political, have you been shocked of anyone and their views or opinions not being what you'd expect of them?
What has become politicized just because people say so?
People who sleep naked, what’s your plan in case of any sort of emergency, like a fire or murderer?
They just named a drink after you. What is it called?
What is the most you've paid for something that is free/commonly inexpensive? Was it worth it?
What's the first thing that comes to mind when you see a typing mitsake in a blog from a trusted source?
What is the worst personality trait you can brag about?
What was a food you tried that initially looked weird, but acutally tasted amazing?
There is a murderer in your house and he is going to come in your room in 1 minute, what do you do?
How would you describe the feeling of being hungry?
[Serious] Former Gang Members, what incident happened that made you realize you didn't want to be in a gang anymore?
Which common mispronunciations annoy you to no end?
People in relationships, what does your S/O do that always makes you smile?
Your username is how you make money. How do you make money?
Teachers of Reddit: They say there are no stupid questions, but what's the most stupid question a student has ever asked you?
What movie plot would be completely different if one character had a gun?
What Movie Has a Surprisingly High Body Count?
What three things would you bury together to confuse a future archaeologist?
What song did you fall in love with the moment you heard it?
People of Reddit, what's a dream you had that you wish was real?
What's an alternate acronym for "STFU"?
What is your favourite alcoholic drink?
What completely made up fact, if true, would totally change history?
If 2020 was a boss fight, what kind of attacks it would use?
How would you feel if the only thing we knew about presidential candidates was their stance on issues...no information on party, name, gender, race, or religious beliefs (or lack thereof)?
What piece of advice would you give to a twenty-four year old?
What simple curse would be the worst to bear?
Your handwriting is now a font. What's it called?
African Proverb Says "The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel the warmth" What time in your life have you been closest to starting the fire?
What sounds do you hate/find annoying?
Users of Reddit, what was a food item you've noticed tasted better when you were younger?
What innocent search turned out to be porn ?
What’s the worst LEGAL thing you can do?
People of reddit what is the dumbest thing someone assumed about you because of your gender or sexuality ?
Cops of Reddit, when do you side with the criminal as he or she has a point?
What's a useless skill you have?
Winston Churchill famously said “You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they’ve tried everything else.” What are some good examples that prove OR disprove this quote’s accuracy?
What song immediately puts your mind at ease?
You have died and find that instead of going to heaven, you've only leveled up to Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better but not quite heaven?
Users of Reddit who have had the Coronavirus, what was the experience like?
What Videogame do you have the most hours on?
What is a lie you were told as a child that you fully believed for too long?
You are trapped in your most hated persons body, you have 48 hours to ruin their life. You may not kill or be killed. What will you do?
How would you feel about different types of nsfw tags like Gore and sexual nsfw?
If 13 year old you made a time machine and came to visit you today for 24 hours, what would you do with them?
Married couples who sleep in separate rooms, why do you do this?
Black cops, how are you all handling this?
People who got kidnapped, What was happening?
Have you ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked?
What's your most memorable catcalling experience?
“Free Candy” is often joked about being written on the side of sketchy white vans to lure children in. As an adult, what phrase would have to be written on there for you to hop on in?
Frail old men of Reddit, where do you get your dope hats and jackets from?
What is something that became way more popular than it should have?
How often do you shower?
Are you okay? Why or why not?
How could 2020 get better?
What character you felt was absolutely useless at first but later redeemed?
What is something incredibly mundane about yourself, told in a way that makes it sound much more interesting than it really is?
What are some safety rules you had to follow as a child that wouldn’t make sense applied to an adult?
What is the most a dollar has ever gotten you?
What is the worst pick up line that you have heard/used?
What anime shows would you recommend for someone who doesn't watch much anime?
What did you take for granted as a kid?
What’s the worst possible thing you can tell a grieving person?
Gordon Ramsay is invited to your house for dinner. Each piece of criticism he gives about the food awards you $1,000. What are you serving for dinner?
Priests have been reported for violating little boys way more than little girls. Why do they overwhelmingly prefer boys over girls?
What’s a memory in your life that randomly pops into your head and makes you cringe?
Redditors who live in countries with raccoons; What are they really like?
[serious] Immigrants who moved to the US, what is one cultural norm that you love, and one that you will never follow?
Do you like hugs? Why?
What movie do you consider “perfect”?
People of reddit, at what age did your acne go away (if you had any)?
Men of reddit when was the last time you've cried and why?
What is going to happen to Hong Kong? [Serious]
You can bring one Science fiction technology to real life. What would it be and why?
What's the best time of day to poop?
If youtube was shutting down its website and they gave you one last chance to watch a single video, what would it be?
What movie has an absolute banger of a soundtrack?
What slogans should the top brands have if they were brutally honest?
What is the best do at home while you're in quarantine?
What is a word people always use incorrectly?
Historians of reddit, what is a odd, weird, cool, or NSFW history fact that few people know?
If a store existed that sold super powers, what could you buy from the discount bin?
What ‘upgrade’ was totally worth the price?
Doctors of reddit, what is the weirdest thing a patient wouldn't admit ?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some underrated games do you think more people should play?
Comedy fans of reddit, who is your favourite comic?
How often do you call your mom?
What is something mundane that you love as an adult that would surprise your childhood self?
Hair stylists of Reddit, what’s the hardest haircuts or styles to make?
How many "chugga's" do you need to say before you feel you can add 'Choo Choo'?
What is the most "rebellious" Or overall crazy thing you did as a teenager?
What are the top 3 things on the internet?
What is an opinion you once held that was proven completely wrong?
The last thing you drew comes to life, what happens?
What sentences make total sense yet most people won’t understand them?
Which deceased person, if brought back to life, would be the most surprised to learn they became famous posthumously?
What is the weirdest situation you’ve accidentally found yourself in?
What song is 100% perfect?
How did you come up with your Reddit username?
What’s a suitable punishment for people who litter in national parks?
People of Reddit, what’s a cool history fact that everyone should know?
Movies or Series what do you prefer ?
What's one overly biased opinion that doesn't amuse people anymore?
You’re at a concert and a grenade is thrown on the ground for whatever reason. You’re with your girlfriend or wife and you decide to jump on it to save everyone. What’s the last thing you do to say goodbye to her quickly?
What's a non-horror movie that you think would be great as a horror movie?
What do you want your last words to be?
What would you do if you had extra lifes in the real world (You will just respawn, not turn back time. People who saw you die still saw you die. You can respawn from any death possible or not.) What would be the consequences and why?
What is the most creepy/unnerving experience that's ever happened to you? (Serious)
What were Native Americans doing during the era of slavery?
Your goal is to anger an entire fandom. How do you do it?
With a minimum of two ingredients, what’s something delicious you can make in under a minute?
[serious] What was the closest you've ever been to killing someone?
Video game names are now literal. What's the game like now?
LGBT folks... how are y'all holding up this fine pride?
What is an adult problem you were not prepared for?
The year is 2030 and President Dwayne Johnson is impeached. What led to these events?
Tomorrow you wake up to find yourself in the year 2005. You are your younger self at this period in time, but you have all the knowledge of the skills you learned as well as the events that happen over the next decade and a half. What is your course of action?
Do you think couples right now are having more sex because they are home together longer or less sex because they are home together longer? Why?
Dear Reddit, If you were to have sex with any insect scaled up to human size, what would it be?
Men, when was the last time you've got a compliment and what was it?
If your Employer gave you the option to work 10 hour days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hour days Mon- Friday would you do it? Why not?
What species of animal would you be most terrified of if they had the same cognitive ability as humans?
What are some red flags of a toxic friendship?
Guys, what is something girls think you won't notice or know, but you actually do?
Men of reddit, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
How would you describe your life in a sentence?
If the US states were people, what would they be doing right now?
What movie lines do you say on a regular day?
What would you NOT use to survive the zombie apocalypse?
Would you take a 50/50 chance at $5,000,000 or death? Why or why not?
What do you think what was going on in the mind of the person who named the phobia for palindromes "aibohphobia" which is a palindrome?
If you were offered the chance to, would you like to live infinitely? Why (not)?
What's the most heartwarming thing a person has done for you ?
You gain the ability to stop time. After stopping time what’s the first thing you’re going to do?
What’s on your mind?
You are the captain of a small crew who protect the timeline from malicious time travelers. Who are your crew mates?
People of reddit what scary event have you been scarred by?
When making a cup of tea, does the milk go first or last?
When life wasn’t going well for you, what moment made you realise everything would be okay?
What is a show that most people binge watch and is one of the most popular but your not interested? Why is it not worth your time?
What sequel are you still waiting for even after all these years?
Sliver of Soap .. People of Reddit who uses bar soap... how small do you let the bar of soap get before you replace it??
[Serious] People who once lacked motivation but are now successful, what changed?
Forget remaking animated movies into live action, what movie would you want to have an animated makeover?
When has a gut feeling saved your life? [Serious]
Guys who watched a thousand movies, who got so used on all the plots and twist, and seen almost all movie tropes, what recent movies made an impression on you?
If you had to start a conversation with a person by asking a question, What would you ask ?
Have you ever felt you don't know/have forgotten who you really are? That you've spent years just adapting to surroundings to make life easier and don't know what's the real you anymore? If so, how did you overcome this?
What is most useless item you carry with you all the time?
What animal would you like to become if you could choose and why?
What do you think about in the shower?
Survivors of COVID, what changes have you noticed to your health since you’ve recovered?
What is something that use to be underrated but now more people are paying attention to it?
Who is a family member you hate but can't say because someone(or more) else likes them?
What's one important thing you learned in therapy?
What do you do when you wake up in the middle of the night ?
What is the lowest hill you are willing to die on?
Which is the worst single decision in history ever made by a person?
[Serious] Travelers of lonely roads, explorers of the great outdoors, workers of creepy jobs and late-night shifts... What's your scary story?
Middle children of reddit, what's your favourite method of uprising?
What video game did you play so much that you started seeing it everywhere IRL?
You can cure a person of any disease by pooping on their stomach. There is no limit to how many people you can cure this way. How do you use this new superpower?
What sequel was better than the original?
What is the largest plot hole u have ever witnessed in some form of media and why?
Are you happy today? If so why? If not how can we support you?
What made you ghost a friend?
If you could get $100 per jerk-off for life, or get $1 mil for 1 time, which would you choose and why?
Kids of “back in my day” parents, what’s the most annoying thing they ranted about?
What is something you hated as a kid but enjoy as an adult?
What was the most incorrect thing a teacher has taught you?
Children are the most innocent and yet the most brutally honest of all people due to their age. What’s the most innocent, and yet hurtful thing a child said to you?
Teachers of Reddit, have you seen those memes complaining about teachers doing nothing to solve bullying but being really serious about minor rule breaks? If so, what are your thoughts on it?
[Serious]. What are your views on CHAZ? How long will it last? How influential will it be in implementing future change?
you gain the ability to mind control people as long as you can physically see them (you can't control people who are livestreaming something, they have to be physically there) what do you use this power for?
People of Reddit, what are some cool, but completely useless talents you can do?
Have you ever had a dream so good, that you ended up sad when you woke up? If so, what was it?
People who speak English as a second language, what phrases or concepts from your native tongue you want to use in English but can't because locals wouldn't understand?
Your gangster name is the color of your shirt and the last thing you drank. Who are you?
What are some things that are fun to play with, but not to eat?
What’s a good movie on YouTube?
What is the worst thing that happened to you in 2020?
What is the most childlike thing you still do as an adult?
What movie got redeemed only by its ending?
People who have their shit together. How??
(Serious) How do you get rid of negative thoughts about yourself?
What skill or craft would you like to master?
What’s something you didn’t realize how expensive it was until you had to start buying it yourself?
What would 12 yr old you think of how you are now?
What’s a huge red flag when meeting new people?
What would your name be if you could choose it yourself?
Which book should a depressed person absolutely have to read?
Reddit, what is a wholesome, solitary activity that a person can do to help forget how awful and poor their current life is?
Without saying the title, what’s your favorite video game?
What is the strangest place you've ever pissed?
Horny people, what do you do when you have to get un-horny real quick?
What chain restaurant do you hate the most?
Sweetheart Redditors, What small change/adjustment did you make at home or in life that ended up making an improvement in your relationships and how?
What’s the most adult thing you’ve ever seen a child do?
Which famous movie quote will always be timeless and always be relevant?
Which literary classics are actually worth reading?
What level of candy crush are you on?
What is the best “Smart Ass” remark you have ever heard?
If you were a god what would you be the god of?
What is the most thoughtful gift you've received?
What’s your favorite soundtrack and why?
What's the worst thing you've accidentally sent to someone while your phone was in your pocket?
You get a real-life "get out of jail" card. When are you most likely to use it?
If you could teleport, what would be the easiest way to legally make money while keeping your power hidden?
If you could choose, what would be your last words?
What's a cool fact about the human body that a lot of people don't know?
What is the dumbest thing you had to explain to someone?
What positive effect has Coronavirus/quarantine had on your life?
If a good superpower costed $1,000,000, what superpower could you get for just $10?
What's the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
What is the worst thing that has happened to you on your birthday?
What was the worst/weirdest thing you microwaved?
Genuinely, what is going on in the USA right now?
What is a known fact that is actualy scary af?
If you could get the real-ass answer to any question or mystery in the world, what would you want to know?
What is the most cursed answer to this question?
What are your thoughts on making all officer body camera footage publicly accessible?
What do you hate that everyone else seems to love?
You wake up in the morning as a dog. What's your plan for the day?
Americans of Reddit, with everything that's playing out with Covid and BLM, what are the chances of Trump getting a second term in office?
Under what circumstances would it be OK to beat up an old person?
What’s the most inconvenient trait about yourself?
To the people who have keyboard clicking sounds on their phone, what’s your reasoning for not turning it off?
Was there a time where you realized it was a small world after all?
What 90s song will always be a banger?
Those who were teenagers in the 90's, what piece of technology took you a long time to adapt to during the turn of the century?
If someone was going to ‘borrow’ your body for a week by slipping their consciousness in (yours is asleep), what would they need to know about it first?
What’s the right amount of food to eat at an “all you can eat”?
People who look at college applications, what things do students overlook when applying?
Has anyone ever given a "nice guy" a chance after they've thrown a tantrum because you didn't let them treat you like a queen? And if you did, how did it work out?
Guys of Reddit, what do girls do that is very cute but they don't know it?
What songs(s) do you have on repeat?
What are things you do at night you wouldn't do in the day?
Redditors that have witnessed a working McDonald's Ice cream machine, what was it like?
What is your "thank God it was just a dream" moment?
How do you like you pizza?
What, in your opinion, is the weirdest thing that society accepts as normal?
When is the right time to kick someone’s ass?
What food do others find disgusting but you find delicious?
[Serious] Redditors who were given a "unique" name or spelling. Do you love or hate your parents decision? Why?
What healthy food tastes better than unhealthy food?
what is a fun fact that is mildly disturbing?
What is the most overrated piece of media?
How do you feel now that Derek Chauvin has finally been arrested?
Non Trump supporters, whats one thing you like about him/things he’s doing well? and Trump supporters what’s one thing you don’t like about him/things he’s doing?
Dear Karens and Kyles of reddit, how has your life changed since your name became a meme?
[Serious] What is your suggestion to young citizens, who do not vote, because they don't want to pick the "lesser of two evils"?
What advice would you give to your 18 year old self?
[NSFW] If your gender was flipped and you remained the same level of attractiveness in the other gender would you have sex with yourself, if yes, why?
The task: make your family disown you with as little words as possible. What do you say?
What is the most annoying ways to get hurt?
Readers of Reddit, what are your favorite books and would you recomend them?
You have an unlimited amount of money but you have to work anyway : what job do you chose and why?
What is something that you could practice for 1 hour max every day, for an entire year and by the end of the year you'd be an expert in?
Your favourite movie has now got fuck or fucking added to the title. What is the name of the movie?
What's your biggest flex when you are a kid?
What are some study tips for high school students who are struggling and want to improve?
if you could get a slow-mo replay of any moment in your life what would it be ?
In May 2018, Jeff Bezos made around $191,000 a minute. If you were given his bank card, and given 10 hours to spend, how would you ensure that when you gave the card back his balance had decreased from when you received it?
People who deleted/deactivated their social media accounts (except Reddit obviously), what made you do it and what change did it bring?
What movie did you like as a child, and now it seems to suck?
What has quarantine ruined for you?
What is the weirdest thing you saw someone doing in the background of a porn scene?
Have you ever wished death on someone?...why?
People who grew up ugly but are now hot, how has your life changed?
What is the most severe case of someone being completely out of touch with reality you've ever seen?
What advice would you give to a no-life 12yr old?
Is “dude” a gender neutral word? If not, what are some gender neutral alternatives?
You add "bitch!" to the title of a movie, what's the plot about?
You can turn into any object, what will be the worst choice you can make?
What's the best way to respond to "fuck you"?
What song did Weird Al cover that turned out better than the original?
Non drinkers of Reddit, what do you tell people when they ask "why don't you drink"?
What’s the best way to tell someone that their baby is ugly?
What are some of the best DSLRs as good as the Nikon D3100 at the same price range or at a bit higher price range?
What do you think is the proper way to eat a cinnamon roll?
What do you hope doesn’t go ‘back to normal’?
The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for?
If You Could Completely Remove One Company From The World Which One Would It Be?
[SERIOUS] What is the story behind one of your scars?
Identical twins of reddit who own a pet after living seperately; what was your pet's reaction when it saw two owners?
God gives you a call and tells you that you are now in charge of 2020. What do you do?
You must die in next 48 hours. If you get a Darwin award, you will be reincarnated. How will you die?
Which movie title becomes the most ridiculous when you add “vs. Predator” to the end of it?
PSA: You did not win a gift card
What innocent question that someone asked you, crushed you a little?
What celebrity death, in your lifetime, hit you the hardest?
What is the best 'one liner' advice you've ever recieved?
What is something that is hard to learn but easy to master?
What’s a video game quote that your parents most likely would say to you?
What’s something you started saying ironically, but now say unironically all the time?
Straight people of reddit, what questions do you have for the LGBTQ community?
What’s your favorite One Hit Wonder?
Dear Redditors, at what age did you begin riding your first roller coaster? Did you manage to survive or peed your pants? What was your first roller coaster?
Does life actually get better? How do you come back/get better from being lonely and extremely depressed? How do you create meaningful relationships when you are so screwed up?
Do you think a self-learned AI robot cop would be racist ? And why ?
What healthy food tastes just as good as unhealthy food?
What would you do if you found out that everything is made up and the points don’t matter?
What was the biggest misconception that you had as a child?
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates?
You’re getting cucked by your own dad. What do you do?
Depressed people of Reddit, what's your go-to "I want to wallow in my melancholy" song?
If you've done a big romantic movie like gesture for a S/O, how'd it turn out for you?
[Serious] With news being dominated by protests and unrest, what important legislation/policies are slipping by unnoticed?
Starting from January 12th 2020, doors will become illegal. That means all existing doors will be removed regardless of their purpose. What do you do now?
flat earthers... what’s on the other side?
If every subreddit was a country, which ones would be the most likely to go to war and why?
What do you regret finding out?
What only exists to piss people off?
What non sexual behavior arouses you?
Window cleaners of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have seen while cleaning windows?
What's the scariest urban legend in your country?
People who post NSFW pics on Reddit, have you even been approached by a "fan", if so how did it go?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the best 'gotcha moment' you ever experienced?
Introverts of Reddit, when was the most inconvenient time your "social battery" ran out?
What's a perfectly innocent word that you can't hear without giggling?
Ugly people of Reddit, how have you come to terms with the fact that you're ugly?
Have you ever been “romantically” involved with a sociopath(ASPD diagnosed)? If so, is it actually a traumatising experience? What is it like?
What are some survival myths that could potentially kill/harm you rather than save you?
How does it feel to lose your sanity?
What’s your favorite insult?
What is something that if everyone started doing today, the world would be a better place?
You're given the option to drop what you have and return to 12/31/2011 as yourself at that age, but with the extra 8 years of experience. Do you take it? Why or why not?
Jedi Knights of Reddit, what keeps you from becoming a proper Sith?
In those variety boxes full of chips, which kind do you take? And why is it not Fritos?
[serious] They say everyone we meet is fighting a battle we know nothing about... so we should always be kind. What battle are you fighting?
In what ways has Donald Trump been a good leader for the USA?
What's the funniest/ worst name you've heard regarding someone's genitals?
People who’ve seen nice people finally snap, what happened?
What are your "just to be safe" habits?
What is something that is more difficult than it should be?
What is something people think is healthy but isn’t?
What’s the most sensible thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
What questions do you have for drunk guy?
If you were to meet the Grim Reaper and it challenges you to a game in exchange for your life. What game would you choose to play and why?
What music, book, show, movie or fad were you into before it was popular but weren't a snob about it?
You wake up a billionaire. What’s the first thing you buy?
Employees at an escape-room, what was the weirdest things you've wittnessed through the cameras?
If you get a chance to meet your loved ones who have passed away,what would you do ?
What languages do you find difficult to learn?
What is the most unprofessional thing you’ve done at work?
What's a fact that would scare a 3 year old?
Your username is now also your superhero name. What are your powers?
Therapists of Reddit, what were some stories told to you by patients that are interesting?
At what point did you give up on a TV show that you had previously enjoyed watching?
what is the most overrated movie of all time ?
What is the spice of life?
What is the 'leaving a shopping cart in the parking lot' of your profession?
What is so simple, it's difficult?
What would you do if you woke up, forgot all languages you know and became a fluent speaker of Latin only?
What did your parent(s) do right and what did they do wrong?
What are the must-see, most legendary reddit threads?
What country would be the worst to accidentally purchase a one-way plane ticket to?
What's your favourite thing from the 80s/90s?
How spicy can you eat?
What all digital monthly subscriptions are absolutely worth it?
What is something you consider a dealbreaker when dating someone?
People with huge karma,What’s your secret behind it ?
What's the biggest life lesson your 20s taught you?
People who live in skyscrapers, what is it like?
Reddit, what is on your anti-bucket list (things you will never do again)?
Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what is the most insane (evil, funny, dumb) way a spouse has tried to screw the other?
What are the worst things to say to someone during sex?
What's your 'HOLY SH!T IT WORKS!' moment?
If the headline "Celebrity outed as serial killer" appeared, who would you expect it to be about?
If you could get rid of any law what would it be?
It’s 2021 and You’re asked to write a book about the year 2020. What is your title?
What is the stupidest thing you did as a child?
You’re in a public bathroom, someone tries to open the door, what do you say to make the situation super awkward?
Bar staff of Reddit, have you ever had a man use the “safeword drink” escape, and how often does it happen?
You've been kidnapped. The last person you saw on TV is trying to rescue you. Who is it?
You can walk through walls, but only naked. How are you gonna use your power?
What was your dream, realistic or not, when you were a kid ?
Bears. What's your opinion?
Imagine food courts had an actual judge to punish food crimes, what are some possible sentences?
For those that have a bug zapper, what made you decide to finally buy one?
What is a song or album that you’re listening to right now or have been listening to nonstop lately?
What song did you only start to like after it has been used in a show or movie?
Lawyers of Reddit; what was your most memorable case and why? [Serious]
Ex-atheists, what made you start believing in God/a religion again?
People who always read the 'Terms and Agreements', what's the weirdest thing you've seen?
You only have a few minutes left to live depending on the length of the last song you want to listen to, which song do you choose?
What group of people get too much hate? Why?
Reddit: What was it like having to read paper maps?
Do you think anything will come of this BLM movement if so then what?
What is 2020’s theme song?
What is your ultimate late night snack?
Redditors of Reddit... What song would you want to die to?
You wake up in your bed and you’re only 12 years old, everything since was just a dream but you have the knowledge of your older self. What do you do differently?
What's the worst example of personal hygiene you've ever seen from someone?
Every single bird in the sky turns into a fridge and falls at this moment. How much destruction does this cause?
What is the easiest strategy to fall asleep?
People who cheated on their spouses and didn't get caught. Do you feel guilty?
People who are 40+ and happy with their life, what is your advice to people in their 20s?
The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
What is the funniest prank someone did on you ?
When is the “both sides” argument complete bullshit?
In Canada, we have bagged milk..What is your countries “bagged milk”?
What movie title would you give your sex life ?
What movie would get better if it got rebooted?
What common misconception blew your mind when you found you were wrong?
What's a lie most people believe in nowadays ?
What is the craziest thing that happened to you guys in 2020 ?
Girls, what you want all the guys to know?
What’s your idea of a perfect life?
What's something about your disorder that your doctor or the DSM didn't tell you?
Ladies of Reddit - what is the most sexiest thing an overweight gamer has done that made you immediately want to have sex with him/be his girlfriend?
What movie could you rewatch 1000 times?
What ruined Christmas this year?
What is your favorite line from a song?
If you could pick one state to be kicked out of the USA, which one would it be?
What is a "Movie cliche" that you never really see?
What's the fastest way to lose all of your friends?
How do you ruin a funeral by bringing only 1 item?
What collection did you have as a child that would have been worth a fortune now had your parents not thrown it away?
Are you comfortable with giving away some of your privacy for increased security? Why or why not?
What illogical thing did you believe for many years?
Redditors who have done long jail sentences, what was the biggest world changes to you?
Some say life is like a box of chocolates. So what is life to you?
How did you come up with your username?
You’ve been granted immortality. You’re a minimum wage worker with a useless degree and crippling student debt. What’s your immortal life plan?
Your favorite song is how you die. How do you die?
Hey Reddit, what are you favorite "Feel Good" songs?
Men of Reddit, what are somethings a mom should know while raising a boy?
What's the best TV show you've ever watched?
What’s that TV show you’ll always recommend your friends to watch?
What food do you swear people only pretend to like?
People who work in hotels, what was the strangest thing you found in someone's room?
If you were forced to choose, would you rather be a chain smoker, a meth addict, an alcoholic, or gain 150 pounds - and why?
If plants could talk what are some of the creepiest things they would say?
Would you support a remake of snakes on a plane where a bunch of innocent snakes are flying to their holiday destination when they realise a samuel l jackson has snuck aboard and plans to kill them all one by one? Why/why not?
Dog owners of Reddit: Would you cut of 5 years of your own life and give these to your dog? If so, why?
Girls of reddit, what're some common misconceptions about you that guys frequently believe?
What fact amazes you everytime you think about it?
What does your country say that immediately encourages drinking a la “It’s 5:00 somewhere?”
What is dangerous to forget?
Driver's License testers- what's the worst thing a kid has done without batting an eye while taking the driving test?
Calm people of Reddit, how to break you?
How are people making new friends?
What album never gets old for you?
People who live alone, do you still lock your door when you use the bathroom?
If your reddit username would predict the way you die, how will it happen?
[Serious]Former teens who went to wilderness camps, therapeutic boarding schools and other "troubled teen" programs, what were your experiences?
What fictional character has the thickest plot armour?
1 wish per person: What would the world be like if a genie granted everyone's wish (deepest desires) at the same time?
What else could ASAP stand for?
The Ten Commandments are being rewritten. What are your suggestions for the updated versions?
The reaper's attribute is the scythe because of the times his picture was established in - for medieval people a scythe would be easy to understand, as it shows he takes people's lives easily, just as they cut down crops. What would he wield today?
What career path is not very popular but you make a lot of money?
Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?
What's the story behind your reddit username?
[Serious] You're a very successful, high-end celebrity. Someone is writing a biography about your life so far, and it becomes a best seller. What are some things from your past that you would rather leave out?
Grocery cashiers/baggers of reddit, what’s the best way to arrange groceries on the conveyor belt?
If Jeff Bezos decided to share his fortune with everyone on the planet, what would you do with your $17.50?
What are some of the coolest coincidences in history?
What are some suprising, wtf, nsfw facts to spice someones day[NSFW]?
What is the dumbest idea you have ever had that actually worked?
Would your past self be proud of who you are today?
You have made a hypothetical musical instrument named after your username. What does it do?
What is the worst thing you ever done?
[Serious] People who have found a secret room or space in their house: How long did you live in the house before you found it and what was in it? What was the eventual outcome of finding the room?
What thing is amazing, but we see it as pretty normal?
What would you like to know about Russia?
There are more than 7 billion people on this earth. What do you think not a single one of them is doing right now?
What is the cringiest thing being horny has led you to do?
What's a delicious poor man's meal?
What's a TV series that everyone should give a go?
Whats a proper response to "what's up?"
What quote from your childhood has left the biggest impression on you today?
What’s it like having boobs?
Former flat-earthers, what made you realize the earth is, in fact, not flat?
What are some widespread ‘common’ facts that are not true?
What was the best rickroll that you have experienced?
What's a problem of yours that would be solved if someone just gave you $5000?
What are the things about technology that frustrates you and make you impatient?
What was the best purchase you have ever made?
All of a sudden, everyone on the planet is no longer able to lie. What happens next to our world and society?
What stupid thing did you spend tons of money on ?
What is the worst thing to step on with your barefoot?
You wake up to find that your entire search history has been leaked to everyone you know. How screwed are you?
What has been your biggest fuck-up leading up to this point in life?
If there was a class called "WTF 101", what will be taught in that?
What technology are you shocked has not advanced yet?
[SERIOUS] It is rumored that US has couple of Mig-29 Fulcrums. If so, which ones would be defeated, a North Korean Mig-29 or US Mig-29?
What are some relaxing music or songs that feels wholesome?
Who is your favorite actor?
Never Eat Shredded Wheat (North, East, South, West) can be very useful with directions and maps. Which other acronyms from your childhood are ingrained in your memory, and which have saved your bacon?
What kind of drunk are you?
What was the moment when you stood up for yourself? How did it happen?
What only exists because of people’s stupidity?
People of Reddit what is some wholesome stories you’d like to share?
Gamers of Reddit. What is something about the gaming community that you find to be repulsive, annoying, or cringey?
Because trees have been around for millions of years, insects like beetles and moths literally look like sticks and leaves in order to blend themselves from predators. How long do you think it will take for insects to look like man-made objects, and what object will it be? Any thoughts?
What are good reasons to stay single?
It turns out that your current life is abstract and you’re in a coma. Once you wake up, the life you always fantasized about is your reality. How is your life like?
What would the eighth deadly sin be?
What is the most desperately lonely thing you have ever done?
What are some good examples of “it hurts so good”?
What's a overrated movie you have never watched?
What is your answer to the question "What's the purpose of life?"
Redditors who send a girl DMs on Reddit after she posts a photo of herself, what is your goal/plan if she responds?
People that actually use the "share" button on Pornhub, why?
Suppose you run for president, what is you campaign slogan?
What are your tips to cooking a good steak?
What’s a sign that somebody wasn’t raised right?
What’s the most fucked up thing the US government has done?
Logically, morally, humanely, what should be free but isn't?
People who live alone but still poop with the door closed, why?
If there was a company that did historical tours via time travel, what trips would be in high demand?
What if 9/11 never happened?
To that person who is constantly refreshing the “new” sections looking for a good question to answer; what got you to where you are right now?
What problem can’t Google, the education system, or Indian guys on YouTube solve?
What is the weirdest word from another language?
Doctors, what do you think when a patient offers their own suggestion as to what their diagnosis might be?
What is a not so fun fact?
What is something dangerous you've done as a teenager that your parents still doesn't know about and would basically kill you if they did?
What could you talk about for 30 minutes straight without any preparation?
What exactly is being "emotionally mature"?
Who is one stranger you remember?
People of reddit. When you were unhealthy, unfit and too lazy to do any exercise what did you do?
You are suddenly teleported to a Ted talk stage in front of thousands of people, what do you do?
If your username is the next crisis in 2020, what would it be?
How was your day?
When someone is described as “average looking”, what do you think that really means?
Survivors of Comas, what was it like?
How do you think future generations will view this pandemic?
Why are you not famous?
If humans were kept in an alien zoo, what food would they say is "human food" and feed it to is for every meal?
what is your favourite comic book and why?
What movie title describes your sex life?
which behaviors or anything girls do but they don't want her husband to know?
What in your opinion is the most overrated show of all time ?
[SERIOUS] What are some good ways to build up your self-confidence?
When is the right time to tell the dog that it was adopted?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys the hell out of you?
How can sell jewellery products online?
What is the weirdest cartoon you ever saw?
What is something you consider yourself pretty above-average at?
[Serious] How can someone experience selective dissociative amnesia without hurting themselves?
what do you think is the most painful way to die?
What was your “We’re done” moment with a friend?
When people say “we need to talk” what do they really mean?
What positive impact has your SO had on your life? (Serious)
If you got to choose, which time period would you live in?
Is it right to judge protestors by their most violent participants when you’re apparently not allowed to do the same for police?
What is the movie/ series which should be made mandatory for everyone to watch?
What can make 2020 even worse?
Which song gets old really fast?
What is the most annoying question you are sick of seeing again and again on this sub?
People who proposed to their S/O, when was moment you ‘knew’?
What's a "let that sink in" fact?
What do you think the 2020 December boss battle will be?
Do you think video games should be discussed in school just like books and movies are? What games would be interesting to interpret or discuss as pieces of art and why?
What is worth watching Star Wars?
If the internet was down entirely, what would you be doing right now?
(Serious) Veterinarians, what's the worst condition you've seen a animal in, that was caused by owners holding onto to a life that needed to be put down long before?
[serious] people who explore abandoned places what’s the creepiest thing you found?
We share 60% of our DNA with bananas. But what traits do we share with bananas?
What movie did you start watching then said "Fuck this, I'm not finishing this"?
What do you want to be eating right now?
[SERIOUS] Men, what is something you don't actually care about women, that women always think is more important than it actually is?
One Karma = One Pound. What are you buying?
Where did you hide the body?
Reddit, what was the moment you lost respect for someone close in in your life?
People of Reddit, What is the strangest thing you've jerked off too?
What is the best russian song?
Men who treat objects like women, why?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 19 billion chickens at any given time. If there was a chicken rebellion how would you prepare to fight off your 2.7 chickens (give or take a few)?
How has online dating worked for you?
What's the most NSFW thing you saw while looking out the window?
What was the most overpriced subscription that you paid for?
What fictional character do you feel bad for the most?
What innocent item gets suspicious if you own too much of it?
Happy people of reddit, how do you do it?
Parents who have caught their children watching porn, how did you handle it?
What is the stupidest reason your insurance company refused to accept your claim or pay for your care?
You are offered $10,000,000 to put the last thing you took a photograph of up your ass. Do you accept? Why or why not?
What’s something actually positive that’s happening in 2020?
What’s a YouTube channel that everyone should watch?
What is the most horrific event that you have personally witnessed?
When was America "great"?
What's the worst thing you have found on your friends phone?
Virgins of Reddit what's holding you back?
When did a gut feeling save your life and possibly others?
Blind people of reddit who have done acid, what did you see?
What is your Favorite Superhero Film and Why?
What is something you think is judged too quickly?
People who work in the culinary industry, what is the most dangerous dish to prepare?
What's a phrase only your fandom will understand?
All we hear is how bad 2020 is. What's the BEST thing to happen this year?
What are some good tips if you ever end up in prison?
There is a well known saying that goes "Always give the hardest job to the laziest person because they will find the easiest way to do it" what is the best real-life example to this you have seen?
You’re on death row; what’s your last meal?
What guilty pleasure show do you watch when no one else is around? Why?
If you had the ability to hack into Trump's Twitter and make one tweet what would it say?
What's the worst defense you've seen someone make in a court?
You have one minute to call someone and cause as much confusion as possible. What do you say?
We are nearly 1/3rd of the way into 2020, how is your New Year’s resolution holding up?
Can People who smile all the time actually be going through a lot or in a bad mental state? What are your thoughts on this?
Trevor Noah once said "America is 50 countries masquerading as one" do you think this is true or false if so why?
A random person is brought forward in time from the 1st century and you are in charge of showing them the world. Assuming you have infinite funds and can communicate with each other, what would you want to show them?
What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once?
What’s something that annoys you that most people don’t understand?
What's your favorite subreddit to binge read?
How differently would you consider porn if all the racial categories were removed? Are they an essential part of the porn industry?
What do you think about joining a cult that offers free cookies, tacos every Tuesday and you get to keep your genitalia, you would also not have to have sex with the master unless you wanted to?
What's the most wildest dream youve had while sleeping?
What are some internet communities or websites that explore real-life mysteries, paranormal activity, or just in general weird/spooky/interesting stuff?
What would be the title of the last song you heard if you add "In My Ass" to it?
What’s a weird or uncommon fear that you have?
[serious] Redditors, what do you think people think about your country?
What are some of your fav subreddits?
What technology could disappear overnight and go unnoticed?
Lawyers of reddit, what was one case you knew you were going to lose after you finished talking to your client?
What are you good at, but hate doing?
After holding the juneteenth rally at the site of the most horrific racially motivated crime in history, will this election provide a mandate to repeal the 13th amendment? Why /Why not?
How does reddit work? Have had it for about a month and still dont really get it?
What would happen if pinocchio said "now my nose will grow" ?
Who is the most useless fictional character?
Clap-backers of Reddit, what is your best comeback to this phrase: "You're very lucky to be here for a girl like you."?
For the people who use Bing, why?
What is the worst time to hear someone say “oops?”
How did you fail your driver's test?
What was something your family did that you didn’t realize wasn’t normal until you did it in front of others?
What is the all time best nude scene in a movie?
What’s your biggest pet peeve about Reddit?
Who's your favorite comedian and why?
[SERIOUS] South Korea is developing a stealth fighter called KF-X. North Korea is trying to buy a fighter called Su-35 and failed. If North Korea successfully purchases Su-35, and South Korea successfully develops the KF-X, which ones will win? The South Korean KF-X or North Korean Su-35?
What makes Reddit so important to you?
Who are two musicians/bands that sound very similar to eachother and can easily be mixed up when you hear their songs?
Everyone says being an adult is terrible, but what are some good things about adulthood?
If band names were literal, what would be the scariest band to fight?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
If you were told when you die, you have the option to re-spawn but with none of your possessions. Would you choose to re-spawn? Why or why not?
Who was someone that accomplished a great task, only for it to be forgotten because they overshadowed themselves by accomplishing something greater?
If your life was a movie,who would be the director?
Using a movie title, how would you describe 2020?
What is your favourite foreign food/snack/ drink etc that you cannot find in your own country?
[NSFW] For the guys... would you rather have a 3" longer penis, Weigh 30 lbs less or make $30K more? Why?
Whats the most nostalgic thing you can think of ?
ex vegans, why did you start eating meat again?
What kind of dumb superpower would you choose?
What has happened that made you think "I'm surrounded by idiots"?
The police find a body in your fridge. Why is it there?
What in your search history looks suspicious but you have legitimate reasons for it being there?
How ‘Vegan’ are you?
U.S. citizens who voted for Trump last time, who will not be voting for him this time.... what changed your mind?
At what point when wiping your ass do you say 'that'll do'?
Mike Bloomberg supporters: why?
How did you get introduced to Reddit ?
What makes someone attractive?
People who struggled with their confidence, what eventually triggered a transformation?
Do you think aliens exist? Why?
Mustang owners of reddit, why do you assume everyone wants to race you?
What fetish will you keep a secret from the people you know IRL?
What is your personal favourite Green Day song?
In Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ultron goes into the internet for 5 seconds before realizing humanity can't be saved. What do you think he saw?
What gets easier as you get older?
People who failed school or got terrible grades, where are you now? [Serious]
Unbeknownst to you, the gift you bought your SO for Christmas this year is cursed. What is going to happen when they open it?
Redditors who choose to be single: What made you decide to stay single?
What word do you consistently fuck up while typing?
Who is most at fault in suspending or terminating a YouTube channel? Algorithm or YouTube Creators?
People of reddit, what song is your guilty pleasure?
As a torture method, you lock someone in a prison cell and play a song over and over until they go insane. Which song would be most effective?
What is the fastest way a room of happy people turned sour you’ve witnessed?
Mall Santas of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a kid asked for Christmas?
What would your 13 year old self think of you now?
What’s one reason you would get arrested for?
[Serious] when was a time you were nearly certain that you were going to die?
Your username becomes a real being with a human mind and it spawns in your house, what is the outcome ?
What is the worst way to start a conversation?
How much do you like the smell of gasoline?
If you had the chance to venture out into the universe with aliens buy you will have to leave everything behind, would you go? Why?
If you were given 1,000,000 dollars whats the first thing you would do with it?
You are sent back to the day the titanic set sail with nothing but a 3rd class ticket (and food water ect) your task is to stop the titanic from sinking, how do you do this?
What is something that you like the idea of more than you actually like?
[Serious] Therapists of Reddit, what are some Red Flags we should look for in therapists?
You're 12 years old again, it is 1am at night, your parents aren't home, you got lots of snacks ready and your friends are over. What is the game you play?
How is your sex life?
How do they get kids to play their roles perfectly in movies when they are like.. young young?
Why would it be morally okay/not okay to ship real people (if they are actually a couple)?
Minneapolis just voted to dismantle their police force and are looking for a community-led alternative. Do you have any ideas on what that would look like?
How do you feel about the sterotypes about your country/region seen in movies and television?
If you could ask Donald Trump one single question and get an absolutely straightforward honest answer, what would it be?
What is the most radical change you felt after going through such a serious pandemic?
[Serious] Reddit, what are some free (or cheap) official degrees, certifications, or titles one could gain online?
Whenever l walk past this one specific house, l hear this quiet bleep sound. What is that?
If real life was a videogame, what would be some loading screen tips?
People who are fluent in English but refuse to reply using the language, why?
What did you do in your life that you regret the most?
What’s your go to party trick?
You can make ONE obscure fact common knowledge. What would you choose?
How can you make the most out of cake day?
When will the first “COVID” centric romance movie be released and who will star in it?
What feels like it was a long time ago, but actually was pretty recent?
Donald Trump knocks on your front door. What do you do?
What's your funniest misheard lyrics of a song?
What are the little things that almost always go unnoticed but are very important?
Cancer survivors, what was the event that caused you to say “I should get that checked out.”?
Men of reddit, What is a good way to make the woman you are following at night on the sidewalk know that you mean her no harm?
What is a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
A little kid walks up to you and asks you what the meaning of life is. How do you answer?
Americans of Reddit why are you still not using the metric system?
Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you google first?
What is the safest way to send/recieve money? Where the other person doesnt recieve any of your personal info?
What happy fact cheers you up instantly?
You get to captain a pirate ship but have to name your ship after your biggest regret. What are you calling your vessel?
What are you thinking about?
people who donate a lot of money to streamers, whats your job? why are you so generous?
What’s a little-known but obvious fact that will immediately make all of us feel stupid?
Fellow humans of Reddit, what’s a song that helped you through an extremely hard time?
What's the biggest sign that someone hates you?
What’s the weirdest or stupidest reason you’ve been banned from somewhere?
What made you mad during lockdown?
What do you consider to be the most (edible) disgusting food possible?
Escape Room enthusiasts, what is the most absurd thing you have had to do to win?
Which was the first meme you came to know?
If you had to crash your own funeral, how would you do it?
On a scale of 1 - 10 how happy are you right now? What would it take for you to be at a 10?
If every state fought each other to the death, who would win?
Teenagers of reddit aged 13-18 what do you think defines your generation right now?
What is the closest thing we have to a dinosaur?
What plans did 2020 ruin for you?
What do you refuse to spend money on?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've accidentally shown someone, or something they accidentally saw while using your phone or computer?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
Airplane sleepers, what’s your secret?
What's your favorite quote from a video game?
What's the most inappropriate time that you'ved laughed?
Minneapolis has decided to dismantle the police force there. What’s a viable option, in your opinion, to an armed police force?
What last minute gift for Christmas is always a winner?
People of Reddit, what's the most ridiculous scam you have fallen for or seen going around?
What will today's babies' generation hate about their parents' generation when they get older?
What changes did you swore you were going to make to your life, but never did?
How would you describe your sense of humor?
What would happen if a new gaming console was released to rival the likes of Playstation, Xbox and Nintendo?
What do you personally view as a scam that everyone accepts otherwise?
What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
You awaken, in the woods, your hands are tied up and you can barely move, in a camping tent, when you turn your head to your left you see a butter knife and when you turn the head to the right you see a cement block, in front of you is a paintball gun, what is your plan of escaping?
What brought you to Reddit (rather than another social media)?
What if you suddenly feel a touch on the shoulder following with the words: "are you sleeping during my class?". You open your eyes and you are at your 7th grade math class, all of the life leading up to this point was just a dream and you are a 7th grader. What are your thoughts?
What happened to that person that took your virginity? Where are they in life?
What’s a band/artist from 2000 or earlier that you recently discovered?
Do you think our obsession with making food look good has effected how we cook and eat and if so how?
What book series do you believe should have as much recognition as Harry Potter?
if life were a video game how would you get power ups?
How do guys feel about girls making the first move?
Which Celebrity gives you the quickest boner once you look at them?
Which actor will forever be stuck in a role in your mind?
What part of your Personality do you Fake?
what are unknown things that can be used everyday ?
If Trump wasn't rich, what would his job be ?
In your ideal world, what would you ban?
Students during the COVID outbreak, what is your most embarrassing Zoom story?
If you had to choose a criminal career, which path would you choose?
What do you genuinely not understand?
If written like a news report, what stories from the bible were done by Florida man?
What do you do when you start to miss somebody who is dead?
Adult children of helicopter parents, how do you deal with them now?
Procrastinators of reddit, how often did you "do it later"?
If it was possible, what cybernetic enhancement would you like done on your body?
What inside joke do you share with your friend/s?
Your karma amount is the year that you are living in, what is it like?
What was that one really weird episode of an otherwise normal show?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
If you had to describe your sex life using only the title of a video game, what would it be?
Fall damage is now disabled. What are you going to do with this new ability?
What's the biggest mystery?
What song are you listening to right now?
Students of reddit, what was the dumbest thing the class clown ever did?
What is a quote made by a fictional character that stuck with you?
They say there are no stupid question, but what's the most stupid question you have ever been asked?
People who sleep naked, what is your plan in case of a fire or murderer?
What is your favorite running joke from a TV series?
What would your ten year old self be surprised about from your current life?
If you could open a sex shop what would you name it?
What is your absolutely favorite quote you've heard?
What's one thing that can instantly make your day better?
Did you ever get bullied in school and if so what did you get bullied for and how did you handle it?
If you were creating a quiz round where the first participant to find a specified item in the house wins, what would be the funniest items to pick?
What older (5yr+) video games do you love and believe has stood the test of time?
What is an important piece of advice you can give for those moving into the “real world”?
What movie deserved a sequel but didn’t get it?
What class do you regret not taking?
What's the most fitting case of "vigilante justice" you've ever heard of?
If the U.S. wiped all its laws and started fresh, which laws would you recommend be added?
Your username is now a bar, what drinks will you be serving?
Whats an ad you actually like?
People of color on Reddit, what's something you've always wanted to ask white people?
What are you procrastinating doing right now?
If you had to use a food as a murder weapon what food would you choose?
What would be a deal breaker for you in a relationship?
What advice would you give a 21 year old that really really wants to move to a new state but has never lived alone before?
What do you have ZERO sympathy for?
What is something you want to change the most ?
What’s the best joke you’ve ever heard?
What song is so catchy you hate it?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit who have delivered babies to mothers who clearly cheated on their husbands, what was that like?
What's the worst thing that happened to you on your birthday?
How do you deal with depression?
If there was afterlife, what would make you mad seeing your family/freinds do after your death?
If humans lived to be 500 years old, what hobbies would you get around to getting good at?
What are some unusual yet fun things to do?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
Which animal smells the worst?
What are some foods that most people have been eating the wrong way or not the way it was intended?
You suddenly appear on the stage of America’s Got Talent. 1,000 people are clapping and cheering. The crowd goes silent, and Simon Cowell tells you to start. What talent do you perform?
What dream you wish it never ended and why?
It's year 2200. You are so famous that some of your mundane words are quoted by the entire world. What's the quote?
What could you give a 30 minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What cancelled TV show would you want to come back for one big episode wrapping everything up?
[Serious] Have you ever accidentally come across a reddit post that was about you or someone you know? if so, how did that go?
What is the fastest way to be the most hated person at a new job as 'the new guy'?
What is the strangest compliment you've received?
How long can you stare out a window before it becomes weird?
Protestors, what is the most wholesome thing you've seen while protesting?
What is the best response to the question "why are you so quiet" ?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
Parents of Reddit, what is the best "weird flex but ok" moment you've seen from your child?
What has this pandemic ruined for you?
What family friendly movie would you choose to show off a really big and awesome new TV?
How would you react to accidentally login on Mark Zuckerberg Facebook account?
Married men of reddit: what was that dumb thing you did during your dating phase that you can’t believe your wife ended up overlooking?
[Serious] People who have had a family member murdered, how did you deal with it?
So who actually deserves a statue?
What's the most weird thing you always do unconsciously?
Honestly, why does everyone hate Tik Tok?
What are some songs that make you cry?
Is there an equivalent name for a “Karen” in other countries? And if not what should it be?
How can we all be better people?
What was the first album you heard that was amazing from start to finish?
When did you feel bad for an inanimate object and why?
What's the best quote from a video game?
What are some REALLY REALLY weird subreddits?
Everyone knows Florida man. What's your state's man like?
Guys of reddit, what's a question you want to ask us girls, but are too afraid to ask to our faces?
On a scale of 1-10, what is a perfect 5?
Ex-Inmates of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you've seen a new inmate do on his first day in prison?
The finale season of Game of Thrones is infamous for its characters making unbelievably stupid mistakes like "Danny kinda forgot about the iron fleet". What are some equally unbelievable mistakes made by real important people throughout History?
People who spend 30 minutes or longer in the shower, what are you doing in there?
High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
What is the kindest thing a stranger has done or said to you?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you’re actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
Australian Bushfire Crisis
What is something that you would never confess to your family?
People who are already in 1/1/2020 , what is going to happen, so we can try to prevent it?
What City/State/Country is overrated?
Who's that person you only ever met once but still think about and why?
What are some horror movie crossovers you want to see?
What video game from your childhood deserves a chance in the spotlight again?
God is retiring, and asks you to permanently replace him. What is the first thing you do as the new God?
Funeral home employees/owners of Reddit, what’s the most ridiculous outfit you’ve seen someone buried in?
What was your childhood dream, what destroyed it (if anything), and what is your dream now?
People that mount TVs above fireplaces, doesn’t it get annoying to constantly look up while watching TV? Why do this?
What’s a skill everyone needs to learn before they’re 50?
What’s that one cringe-inducing memory from years ago that you can’t get out of your head?
We're all sitting around the virtual campfire, toasting marshmallows, making s'mores, and telling campfire stories. It's now your turn, what's your story?
What is the most annoying thing a Guest has done in your home?
Funeral organisers of Reddit, what are the weirdest or most unique funerals you have organised?
What song gives you anxiety listening to it?
What is the creepiest, bone chilling post on Reddit?
A popular saying is "Nothing ie ever lost on the internet" but what is something you have been searching for years and you haven't found it yet?
You're a reverse robber. You break into peoples home and leave stuff to confuse families. What things do you leave?
Employees ex/current from food processing and packaging industry, what are some of the practices that your company follows/followed despite of knowing the harm it causes to consumers?
if you were a supper hero who would you be and why?
Why the cold side of pillow is preferred by most of the people?
What did your school waste money on that nobody liked?
Which villain do you feel sympathy for?
What is your biggest phobia?
[Serious] What is the most efficient way to deal with bullies?
Recently it was revealed that one of the glitter industry’s biggest buyers is confidential, as they “don’t want anyone to know that it’s glitter.” What do you think it’s secretly used for?
What's the best joke you know?
Girls, has a guy failed to notice your obvious hints, if so what's your story?
Is part of the reason people sometimes get along with their pets better than people is that people don't feel competitive with animals, but do with other people? Why or why not?
If your username was a r/askreddit moderator, how would you stop all the "if your username was..." questions?
You can make everyone follow one rule you make, what is it?
Men, what’s the stupidest way you’ve hurt your balls?
If you had a disease that made you sleep for five years and after you wake up you see that 99% of men were dead, how would you react?
What would you do if a big hairy homeless man broke into your house and said "your a wizard"?
Waiters, what is an order that stuck with you?
What conspiracy theories do you think are too logical to ignore?
why did you join Reddit?
What’s your biggest (non sexual) fantasy?
Indians of Reddit, what OG Bollywood song has been ruined by its remix?
If you can be reincarnated as anything living besides a human, what would it be?
What is your favorite obscure song that most people have probably not heard of before?
[Serious] Teachers of Reddit. What is the surprisingly smartest thing your stupidest student has ever said?
People who lost their job due to this crisis what is your story?
which fictional character didn’t deserve to die?
What is the worst job to have in 2020?
What unsolved mystery would you like to be explained in your lifetime?
How will you spend 1 million dollars?
What are your thoughts on people’s dreams where they see the future long before it happens and seeing the future seconds before it happens?
You are a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you leave something completely random. What do you leave that will leave the homeowner(s) confused for decades on end?
Girls, what is the biggest hint that you like a guy, that we never get?
You can choose one WEIRD new skill to instantly learn. What are you learning how to do?
What are the chances that Mr. Bean is an alien based on the show’s opening scene?
People of Reddit who work in a casino, what’s some of the saddest moments you witnessed?
What would happen if your last dream became real?
Who is the best Disney villain?
What is the equivalent of the Flat Earth in your field of expertise ?
What's your best response to an insult?
Gay electricians who lived in England but moved to the USA in the past 10 years, What was the scariest moment of your life?
People with reddit gold, how does it feels?
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?
Non-Americans, does your culture have "old-fashioned" dog names like we do in America, such as Fido, Rex, Spot, Rover, etc, and what are some?
Which specific points in JK's post do people disagree with and why?
Have you ever attempted to let out a fart silently in public only to have summoned a Harley Davidson out of your rear? If so whats the story?
What everyday skill becomes suspicious if you are too good at it?
Zeus has decided that Olympus feels a little empty, so he’s recruited some new gods. However, due to a clerical error, you have been chosen as a new member of the divine. What are you the god of, and what do you do as your first godly act?
Engineers of Reddit — why did you choose Engineering?
Of all of the "firsts" in human history, which one would you have liked to have been you?
What is something you pay for on a regular basis that dramatically increases your quality of life?
People who hack in multiplayer games, why?
What is the best example of "just because you can, doesnt mean you should"?
If your handwriting was a font what would it be called?
What is better than sex?
What's a profound moment in human history that no one talks about?
You're looking out your window and you spot a monkey in the trees, watching you with a pair of binoculars. When you spot him, he gives a military hand signal to several other monkeys and they all disappear into the trees. What do you do?
What movie are you ashamed to say you like?
What has NOT aged well?
What subscription do you refuse to buy and why?
What "life hack" did you try, but totally failed?
What keeps you up at night?
What is something you once thought was normal behavior, but later realized was a microaggression?
The nearest red object to you kills you, how do you die?
People who found out they weren’t the father, how did it go down?
Police Officers of Reddit, what made you want to be a cop?
What did a friend of yours do that accidentally turn you on?
Which movie do you never grow tired of watching again every once in a while ?what makes it so appealing for you ?
What has been your "I fucking told you" moment?
What are the two most “opposite end of the spectrum” songs in your music collection?
How do you know when a relationship is over?
How did you react to your first panic attack?
What about your body is flawed?
Whats stopping you from doing porn?
People who get songs stuck in their heads, what song is stuck in your head right now?
Men of reddit, what compliment would you like to hear more often ?
What's a sound most people recognize?
[Serious] Drug dealers of Reddit, have you ever called CPS on a client? If so, what's the story?
If Derek Chauvin, the cop who killed George Floyd, died tomorrow, what would happen?
What is an unexplainable memory from your childhood?
What do you do with the bodies of pets that have passed?
People who can fall asleep in less than 30 minutes, how?
What’s the one part of your hobby that you hate doing?
What do you hope for in 2021?
What are red flags in a friendship most people brush away?
What is your favorite dad joke?
If products had consciousness, what product would be the most mentally scarred from its use?
If you had the choice to learn any 4 languages fluently or to have an unlimited supply of your favorite food that only you could eat, which would you choose and why?
What's an underrated or out-dated music genre that should become popular again?
Scrubs was brilliant at picking songs to create mood and emphasise every little emotion; if you had to pick such a scene, which one will you choose?
What's your favourite quote?
When did you stop giving a fuck and why?
If cats had pockets what would you find in your cats pockets?
What is the most evil, but harmless, way to get revenge?
Is a hotdog a sandwich ? Why or why not ?
Teachers of reddit, have any of your former student tried to offer you a job where the student is your boss? What was your reaction?
What has your bodyweight kept you from enjoying?
What is the scariest message alliens contacting us from deep space would tell to freak us out?
I can’t breathe. Black lives matter.
Who is the most overrated person in history?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
What's a mild inconvenience that drives you fucking crazy?
[Serious] People who killed in self defense, what's your story?
What is something we can all agree on being a "dick move" ?
What other minor nuisance can top wearing wet socks?
Redditors who've had ex-partners reveal they're gay/lesbian, how did that affect you?
What’s something you’re glad your friend introduced you to?
What’s your go to starbucks order?
What is the silliest/dumbest thing you got away with as a child?
[Serious] Parents who have adopted a older child (5 and up), how has it gone for you? Do you regret it or would you recommend other parents considering adoption look into a older child?
How do you clean the underside of your tongue?
What are some AMAZING movies that you never hear any body talking about?
What can we do to help the people of Yemen and other war stricken places out of our homes? [Serious]
Which was the biggest "fuck you" finale to a TV show or movie you've ever encountered that made you mad?
What was the "please stop" school presentation that you witnessed?
People living in small towns, what’s the recent scandal?
[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
Redditors who are married to Karens, how is it like?
Which extinct species would you bring back, if you have the power?
The last TV show you watched is crossed with the last videogame you played. What is the unholy abomination that has just been created?
Bilinguals of reddit, do you feel like your personality changes when switching languages?
What's something that's universally considered rude/being a dick?
What’s your favorite episode and/or character of Spongebob?
What are some things that Reddit loves but you do absolutely despise?
You are teleported to the last place you thought about no matter if its Real or not. Where are you now and what Will you do?
Why when your already sad you listen to a sad song to make you sadder?
You go on a first date with someone, what habit or characteristic is a deal breaker?
Do you think if animals could talk people would be more hesitant about hunting them? Why or why not?
What is a noise that instantly irritates you?
Your sex life now has an anthem. Which song do you choose?
What is something that becomes more boring the older you get?
Which celebrity comes off as fake and un-genuine?
If Clark Kent was around today. Where would he change into his Superman outfit since there are no phone booth around?
Hey! Who else out there like, crazy sad?
What are some movies worth watching in which the good person does *Not* win in the end?
You’re transported back to November 1st with your current knowledge and understanding of the world. What would you do to save the most lives in 2020?
What is the fastest sentence you can type?
What's something you whole-heartedly believe but just don't have enough evidence to prove it yet?
People who have actually had sex with a step relative, what was the aftermath?
What place is overrated to visit?
you find a mirror that shows you your real personality, no lies. do you dare look and what will you see?
For the people that say "Make America Great Again," when was it 'Great'?
Why are you single?
What is the first video game you remember playing?
You can be any human that's alive, in who do you transform? What would you do?
What’s something you always assumed was normal until you were told otherwise?
How do you feel about a law stating that tickets (speeding, driving under influence etc.) should be a percentage of the perpetrators annual wage, instead of fixed rates?
What happened to the person that took your virginity ?
What book could be a really great movie?
[Serious]What do you hate most about the school system, and what could they do in your eyes to be better?
What happens if you google search your username?
Everyone’s sexual fantasy comes true tonight. Forgot technicalities. What does the world look like tomorrow?
What is a feature that Reddit desperately needs?
What should NOT cost money?
Multilingual's of Reddit, what's the saddest thing you've overheard?
What genre of movie do you hate the most?
What woke you up this morning?
whats the angriest you've even gotten?
Women who “dated” older men as teenagers that now realize they were predators, what’s your story?
What is a good starter video game for a middle aged man who has never really played before?
What is the best loophole you discovered that you still use?
Have you ever had a doctor accuse or assume you were faking an illness? What’s your story?
What did a crush do that made you immediately lose interest?
In your opinion, what’s the most important part of a relationship that’s not trust, loyalty, honesty?
How come the majority of Middle Easterns aren’t black since the Middle East is very similar to Africa in climate?
What is something that is universally a "dick move"?
If you had to pick one fast food restaurant to be the only one to exist, what would it be?
[SERIOUS] What's the worst thing you've seen go down at a funeral?
Every character played by the same actor is now a part of one continuous story. Which actor has the best story arc?
Men of Reddit, if males could unscrew their dick from their body like a dildo attachment to leave at their bedside, what other items would you attach to your dick-port?
Do you believe life will get 100% back to normal after pandemic? If no, why?
What if it was the year 1423 and everything was the same except everyone had TVs?
What got boring after too many people joined in?
People who actually used a pen from start until it lost ink without losing them. How the hell did you do it?
Without saying the title, how does your favorite movie end?
What would happen if Facebook shut down and all its 1.2 billion users moved to Reddit?
What is one thing you will never, ever do?
McDonalds now sells Sad Meals. What items would you find in them?
What's the best comeback you have ever said or heard?
What is a actually a good thing to explain to a 5-year-old?
What song gets you emotional everytime you listen to it?
What would happen if pinnocchio said "my nose is about to grow"?
Which historical figure sounds made up?
What nice thing will you do for somebody today?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever been blamed for?
You've been arrested by the police, you can call any fictional lawyer character you want as your attorney, who do you call?
What's the fastest you've seen a crowd go from excited to horrified?
People who have died and came back to life what was your experience?
Without saying its name, what is your favorite video game?
What's your favorite subreddit other than this?
What's your one guess which turned out to be perfectly correct?
What should one do in their 20s to avoid regrets in their 30s or 40s?
Guys, how do you handle a breakup that you got hurt in?
Saran Wrap used to cling better because of a harmful chemical they removed for public health, which other products used to be better for their specific purpose, but are worse now in favor of public health and safety?
Domestic cleaners of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing you have ever discovered in a clients home?
What's the most beautiful song you've ever heard?
If 2020 was a flavor, what would it be ?
What's the best purchase you've ever made?
People who rarely or never take selfies, why doesn't it appeal to you? Do you have reasons for not taking them, or are there other factors?
[Serious] What should everybody buy?
What is your favorite food that you have tried once and wouldn't want to try again?
What’s something you did in a video game that you’ll never forgive yourself for?
What's your favourite insult?
Your profile picture becomes a sentient being that you have to fight, how screwed are you?
Why did cloaks fall out of fashion?
What went wrong at work that only other people in your profession would understand?
Historically, in times of great upheaval and unrest people usually say "at least we'll get great music out of this." Due to two distinctive events in America/the world coinciding, what has come of American and global music?
What's the next game you want for free from epic games?
Redditors friends with an identical twin, what’s your most awkward encounter with the wrong twin?
What is the last song you heard?
What is a fact that people just straight up can't accept?
How do you feel about your name?
Waiters what Valentine day disasters have you witnessed?
At a party you meet drunken Elon Musk who hands you his phone with Twitter open, says "do your worst" and goes to the bathroom. What do you tweet?
People of reddit how will you spend your summer?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you ever came across?
What the f**k are you supposed to do when having happy birthday sung to you?
What TV shows should be cancelled already?
What is your favourite serial and why?
What’s the most impressive insult you’ve ever heard?
What’s the worst thing Neil Armstrong could’ve said when he stepped on the moon?
What time do you wakeup/go to sleep?
You now have to fight the main villain you last saw on a movie/TV show. How fucked are you?
What were some of your first physical signs of starting to age?
Non-Americans of Reddit — What are the biggest issues making headlines in your country that we Americans don’t know about?
Do you believe in aliens, Why or why not?
Parents with Nanny Cams, what have you caught your babysitter doing?
What is something everyone can agree is a dick move?
What fucked up experiment would you think would be interesting but you won’t do because of your ethics?
[Serious] People who are advocating for the abolishment of the police force, who are you expecting to keep vulnerable people safe from criminals?
How much weight have you gained or losses since the beginning of quarantine?
What are people slowly starting to forget?
What was the best punishment you received as a child (that wasn’t cruel, but still effective and had an impact on you) ?
They say love is blind. What other emotions have disabilities?
Former Neo-Nazis/members of hate groups, what was your “I need to get the hell out of here” moment?
People that don’t have friends IRL, what’s the real reason?
what is your favourite interpretation of vampires?
What quote has always stuck with you?
If you could get any item from any videogame/movie what would it be? How would u use it?
Parents of Reddit: What did you swear you wouldn't do as a parent, that you've done at least once?
What little thing instantly tells you that a person is good?
What is the most majestic way to say "I jerked off"?
What should people do to stop hiccups?
What awesome holiday gift did you get someone that you can’t tell them about yet but want to brag about?
What folklore creature do you think really exists?
You get to reset the pay for every job in society. What do you do?
George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” What real life example have you seen that validates this view?
Men of reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a woman?
Hiring managers of reddit: what are some telltale sign that your candidate is making things up?
If you won one billion dollars in the lottery what would you buy?
Married people of Reddit, what’s one thing you didn’t learn about your spouse until after your wedding day?
What's the weirdest subreddit you can find?
What's the best pie to make when you want to impress your future in laws?
How would you design the PS5? What would it look like?
If you could pick between $100,000 tomorrow or $1,000,000 in ten years, what would you pick and why?
Today is Danny Devito’s 75th birthday, How should Reddit celebrate and What will our gift be to him?
You have 5 billion dollars to spend in the dumbest way possible, how do you spend it?
What does a day in quarantine look like for you?
Agents of Child Protective Services, what is the craziest/most disturbing case you've had?
People who knew well-known Youtubers/Influencers before they got popular, how much are they faking their personality on camera?
What's the best technique to stop browsing social media and getting back to studying?
How do you socialize at a party where you only know the host and you’re not too social?
Have you ever found a story you posted on Reddit in a YouTube video? What happened?
What's the best comeback to a "Wow, you talk? You're always so quiet" response?
If you had to select a computer field, which sub-field would you like to study?
What do you wish you had in high school that kids have today?
[SERIOUS] People with Anxiety, what is the thing that calms you down whilst you're having an attack?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
What TV Show has the best Pilot episode?
Redditors who are planning on quitting their job with a grand exit, what is your plan?
What screams "I'm very insecure"?
Hey Reddit, what metal bands are you listening to right now?
What is a cool feature about you that you haven't really seen that much in other people?
What was your answer to the last question you were asked before this one?
You time-travel from the year 2018 to 2020. You go outside and see everything closed and the streets empty. What's your reaction ? What do you assume happened ?
What is the worst thing you have done because you got confused between items in different hands?
Men, what would you do if you wake up with two dicks?
What's the most embarassing thing that you did in online classes?
What makes you immediately lose romantic interest in someone?
People who don't celebrate their birthdays, on purpose or not, why?
What do you say when you answer the phone?
What would you do, if you were a sinner and accidentally find yourself in Heaven?
What kind of movie do you like most of the time? Please tell about this why ?
What makes life truly worth living?
Why do you like to be alone?
What is a question you wish people wouldn’t ask you?
What is your favourite subreddit and why?
Is "mental illness" a new label to justify racist people. Do you agree or disagree and why?
If you could ask an all-knowing, all-powerful being one question, what would you ask?
What is the difference between a smart person and a genius?
What is something you would like to become a school subject? [Serious]
For people who like to listen to full albums, what are your favorite albums to binge?
Certain foods have a “correct” way of eating them. What are some wrong ways to eat those foods?
What’s your favorite curse word that’s not from your native language?
J.K. Rowling originally wanted to make Harry visit all four Hogwarts House common room, but couldn't think of a valid reason to visit the Hufflepuff common room. If you were Rowling, what valid situation would you make where Harry had to visit the Hufflepuff common room? Why?
What's a childhood memory you have that seems completely random and has had no bearing on your life, but that you remember very vividly?
What is a subreddit that is completely different from what the name implies?
Dentists of reddit, what toothpastes do you reccomend and why?
What's one problem you wish you never had to deal with again?
[Serious] What is something happened to you that no one believes but it’s actually real?
[Serious] Americans that have moved to Canada- what was the transition like? Any pointers for someone starting to look into it?
What's something you've gotten away with as a kid because "they're young and don't know what they're doing!" when really you knew exactly what you were doing?
What video game would you recommend for someone with depression or anxiety?
What subreddit should more people visit?
What’s your biggest gaming accomplishment?
What's an odd fact about yourself?
Those who lived in/near Pripyat when the Chernobyl disaster took place, what’s your story?
If you had to choose only one artist's/band's discography to listen to for the rest of your life, whose would you choose?
If You Were Forced To Get Any Fictional Character To Kill You, Who Would It Be And How Would You Want Them To Do It?
What is your go-to swear word?
What piece of advice would you give to a fourteen year old?
Which common phrases are usually manipulation attempts?
What is your favorite video game and why?
Honest question. What is the difference between cultural appropriation and cultural appreciation?
What battery percentage are you on right now and how soon will you be able to charge?
If you could have anything (animal(fictional or real),object, etc) as a pet what would it be?
Anyone, what are some stories you have wanted to tell people but haven’t had the right askreddit question to answer?
What crazy story have you heard from someone than sounds unbelievable at first, but soon found out to be true?
You get teleported 3 meters to your left. How does that change your life ?
why upload speed is always lower than download speed?
People who are often seen as the 'innocent one' by their friends, what have you done that isnt so innocent that would probably shock them if they found out?
If you could become any video game character (with game laws applied) what would it be?
What screams "I'm poor but pretending to be rich"?
What TV show had a good run and ended with a really satisfying finale? ie What's the opposite of Game of Thrones?
What fact is ignored generously?
Disney theme park characters - have there been situations where you had to break character? What was the reason? Consequences?
What's one question you hate being asked?
Redditors who have tried to hide on your cruise when it ended so that you could stay on the ship for the next round, how did that go?
How do you control yourself when you are full of rage and want to keep calm?
Would you date an opposite sex version of your self? Why and why not?
What are some tips for conversations with your crush?
What do blind people experience whilst on hallucinogenic drugs?
People who make jokes about serious topics, why do you do that?
How much have antidepressants helped with your depression?
How did your friendship with your now best friend blossom?
What moment in time will you remember for the rest of your life?
What are you going to do with your mask once the pandemic ends?
What was your biggest "Fuck it I'm doing this moment?"
What are some common "facts" that people believe to be true even if the existing evidence states the contrary?
Where would humanity be without modern civilization?
Who/what fiction/nonfiction character would you pick to be your sidekick irl?
Women of reddit, what do men do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
What movie could be remade with new social distancing rules and still work?
You are what you eat, so what is most you made up of?
What is the most popular unpopular thing?
What song will be forever in your head?
People who can fall asleep within 8 seconds of their head hitting their pillow: how the fuck do you fall asleep within 8 seconds of your head hitting your pillow?
If marriages were 5 to 10 year contracts with options to renew if both parties accept, how would the world be different?
What’s your loneliest experience?
What's the worst place to wake up naked?
People of Reddit- what has been the best purchase you have made during Lockdown?
What are some decent paying jobs you can get if you were a C student in highschool?
What’s the best subreddit to sort by ‘controversial’?
Girls, what do you generally think/do if a guy texts you out of nowhere?
People who eat others food in the break room without permission, why do you do it?
If you actually go to a paradise after you die, but the paradise automatically is set up in a way which will be the absolute maximum best and pleasing experience for you, how would your paradise be like?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened while you were driving a vehicle?
If you could eliminate one thing from your life today, what would it be?
[Serious] How do you comfort someone in pain (not just physical)?
Has a rule ever been created because of something you’ve done? What was the story?
If the events that happen in a year are determined by a fictional character, who do you think is in charge of 2020?
What’s a movie that you loved as a kid than holds up years later?
What song do you listen to in private but would be embarrassed of if your friends heard it by pulling your headphones out?
what would be the worst pain someone could feel, while their senses are slowed down, so they feel a pain that is one second long for one hour?
What do you think 2021 will be like?
What is ur name if you replace every vowel with oob?
You are now naked. How much trouble are you in?
[SERIOUS] What is a seemingly harmless parenting mistake that will majorly fuck up a child later in life?
What obscure phobias do you have?
Harry Potter fans, why can't you guys just shut the fuck up, forever?
Who loves big butts more than big boobs and why?
How do you turn off the ‘Suggested post’ crap Reddit decodes is right for you?
Fluent/native speakers of German that have heard the Pennsylvania Dutch of the Amish, what does it sound like? How does it compare to other dialects of German?
How often do you exaggerate?
[Serious] Redditors that have had a threesome and regretted it, what was the unexpected fallout?
At this point in 2020, if you looked in the sky tomorrow and saw a big ass death star looking mother, what do you think your first thought would be?
Doctors of reddit. What was your "how the f*ck did you survive that" moment?
which subreddit do you regret the most seeing? and why?
What’s something that you like, but hate the fan base?
What line from a a movie or television do you unapologetically quote in conversation?
[SERIOUS] Historians, marine biologists, biologists and cryptozoologists of Reddit: As far as legends in history go, what legendary creature do you believe may have been real and probably existed in some way, or what supposedly legendary person in history was more than likely real?
There's a large spider on your shoulder, how do you react?
What are you tired of seeing on Reddit?
What is a question you posted on AskReddit you really wanted to know but wasn't upvoted enough to be answered?
People whose family members have been killed in a “honor killing” situation, what is that story? [serious]
What is something that gets better with age?
Men, what’s something you’d like to tell women but feel like you can’t?
What would happen if everyone you’ve ever masturbated to were in the same room?
When’s the last time you bought a new version of the type of mobile phone you have?
What historical figure would you like to have a chat with ?
How did being bullied in school affected you as an adult?
People who grab their glasses by the lens, who hurt you?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What celebrity death, in your life time, hit you the hardest?
What is the stupidest way you have ever injured yourself?
You awake inside of an alien spacecraft; what do you do?
If you’ve ever asked the universe for some kind of sign and got it clear as day, what was it and how did it go?
If you could play a song to the world, and every single person had to listen, what would it be?
What is the worst place to be caught jerking off?
What is the best old fashioned hyperbole?
Vigilantes now roam the streets in search of criminals, only instead of Batman it is Florida Man. How would criminals be treated if Florida Men are now the primary dealer of justice?
For those who moved, how did you make new friends?
What's a place easy to enter, but hard to exit?
What cancelled TV show do you wish could come back?
What celebrity death, in our lifetime, hit you the hardest?
If going to the gym was a game, what would be some really bad loading screen tips?
Every “#1 Dad” mug now changes everyday to show the actual rankings of Dads around the world. Why does YOUR Dad deserve the #1 spot?
What's the best cereal?
How did a stranger make your day brighter?
When Hermione talked about Amortentia - the love potion - she said that it smells different to each person, according to what attracts them. Hers smelt like freshly mown grass, new parchment &amp; spearmint toothpaste. What do you think yours would smell like?
What are the reasons people's identities are so attached to their birth geography?
What is the stupidest thing you've ever said in front of someone?
What is the biggest ‘butterfly effect’ in the world history that ever happened?
Whats the most overrated movie of all time?
What is the perfect crime?
Your username is the new slogan for a company. What does that company specialize in?
What is the most mean insult you’ve heard through gaming?
People of reddit, What is the usual thing you do before going to sleep?
You find a genie, but instead of 3 wishes you only get 1. He says you can't wish for love, death, or money. What is your wish?
[Serious] Have you ever been somewhere or met someone that just felt... off? If so, what's your story?
What won't you understand no matter how many times it gets explained to you?
what's something no one's gonna be saying in 50 years?
Hunters and campers of Reddit, what’s the most scared you’ve ever been in the woods?
Whats a memorable compliment you have received from a peer that wasn't someone trying to flirt with you?
You are offered 10,000 dollars if you apologize to the person you hate the most in the world. Regardless of whether or not you need to apologize, you must. Would you take it or leave it and why?
Whats the most trivial thing you miss about your childhood?
You're Satan and your goal is to torment Gordon Ramsay. What food would you serve him?
Despite most people agreeing that 2020 has been a terrible year, what has been your favorite part so far?
[Serious] According to some sources, 1 in 6 men have been sexually assaulted, but only ~10% of cases are reported. Men of reddit, what is your story?
What is the superior ice cream flavour?
What's the most unbiased and independent newspaper out there?
People who were in a coma, what change surprised you when you woke up?
What is your best pick-up line?
A zombie is coming towards you. What item to the right of you is your weapon?
You're being interrogated and so far you've held strong. What song do they play on repeat that breaks you?
How do you fight loneliness?
Pineapple on pizza? Why or why not?
Do you believe ‘once a cheater always a cheater’- why or why not?
Instead of cum, you now ejaculate the last thing you drank, how lucky are you?
Asuming that the video game logic of every town having its own theme music is applied to the real world, what song/genre/music from any video game do you think your home town would have?
What was your favorite age you've been so far, and why?
What was the story behind your first kiss?
Males of reddit, when is the worst time to get a boner?
If 2020 was a game, what would be the Final Boss?
Redditors how much would you sell your dog for?
Surgeons of reddit, what’s the weirdest object you’ve had to remove from someone’s butt?
Which fictional death made you really sad?
What’s the oldest scar still visible on your body and what’s the story behind it?
What’s a feeling that you experienced as a kid/teen that you can’t experience again as an adult?
Children of pornstars, what the heck is that like?
What is realistically the craziest thing you could get for $10k?
What movie’s universe would be the absolute worst to live in?
Older generations of Reddit, what is something that is possible today that you would have thought was science fiction when you were younger?
“Flammable” and “inflammable” mean the same thing. What other things are confusing about the English language?
People who can express themselves clearly and make themselves understood whenever you open your mouth: How the hell do you do that?
Which animal would look best in a monocle and top hat?
People of Reddit, why do you hate memers who repost?
What is the best comeback to "So if your friend jumped off a bridge, you would too?"
Say it gets confirmed we live in The Matrix, what are some glitches in life that you discovered?
You are a 18 year old boy who is about to meet your 17 year old girlfriends family. The father is the stereotypical dad who polishes his guns in front of the boyfriend. What do you say/do that will make him contemplate shooting you?
What is something you are addicted to but is not considered a drug?
You own an inconvenience store. What do you sell??
(SERIOUS) Does it offend Native Americans when white people wear native jewelry, have native decor, or tattoos, even if that person truly admires native culture?
If you died and your friends could say "Well, at least they died doing what they loved," what would probably be your cause of death?
What is your most effective method for reducing your anxiety and how did you learn it?
What are your best quarantine pick up lines?
What's something that isn't a crime but should be?
Millionaires of reddit, how long did it take for you to become a millionaire?
What would be the worst flavour of ice cream?
What is underrated to the public but should be more known?
Historians of reddit, what is the biggest 'fuck you' moment in history?
What’s something you absolutely have to buy name brand, generic can’t compare?
What is one thing you like that everyone else hates?
What was your biggest "shit, no going back now" moment?
How do lesbians have sex?
What's the most sensible thing you've ever heard someone say?
What is one of your favorite movie soundtracks?
What popular food do you find disgusting?
If you were transported 200 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
What can bystanders do to prevent another George Floyd incident?
People who honk your horn if the person in front of you doesn't go .2 seconds after the light changes, what do you do with all the time you save throughout the year?
What unusual thing do you collect?
How does mature love ( like when the butterflies are gone but you still love eachother) look like to you?
whats your solution for racism?
What’s the worst gift you have ever received?
What makes you regret your reddit username?
What’s one thing that could totally revolutionize the world?
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now. (Chinese proverb) how does this relate you?
What has been your "I'm Today years old" moment recently?
Redditors, what is your go to sleep show you put on every night?
From now on every time you shit there is a scream coming Out of your ass. You can choose whos scream it would be. What scream would you choose?
What actors/actresses deserve a Disney Prince/Princess role?
What's a thing that you want but not need?
People who work at a ball pen factory, what does it feel like to immerse your hand into a bucket of ball pen balls?
When you talk to yourself, how do the conversations usually go?
Former atheists, what made you realise that God exists?
What is your favourite body part and why?
When was the last time you felt 100% healthy, no ailments or any hint of pain or soreness?
What are we all missing right now, because it gets overshadowed by Corona Virus news?
What if you could answer the question "What is your name?" ?
How much difference would $25,000 usd make in your life?
Girls on tinder: what makes you swipe right on a guys profile?
AskReddit has hit 25,000,000 subscribers! (insert party parrots here)
What was the most fucked up thing you saw in school?
How would you feel if bathrooms were organized by pee or poop rather than gender?
Reddit, what are your financial horror stories?
How has quarantine helped you?
What's a thing you strongly dislike about Reddit?
Students, was there ever a research assignment the teacher assigned that you actually enjoyed? If so, what was it?
What is a subreddit to steer clear from?
What's the best refrigerator on earth?
The world is ending on Dec. 31, 2020, what's the lamest way it could happen?
What is something that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
Which cancelled tv show do you wish would come back?
If you were given a device that could show you everyone who has ever had a crush on you without your knowledge, would you use it? Why or why not?
Gamers of reddit, when was there a real world situation where gaming gave you an edge?
What is a true story about you that seems made up?
Do you remember the first time you watched porn? If yes , at what age?
What's your most memorable interaction with a cat?
Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be?
Girls who took notes using 50 different colored pens, where are you now? Do you still continue to write using all those colors?
Pansexuals of Reddit, what is your favorite type of pan to cook with and why?
Redditors with thin walls, what have you heard in your apartment?
What happened to the “chipotle is my life“ kid?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What is the most powerful scene in a movie for you?
People of reddit, what is cute for a one year old to do, but not for a 8 year old?
What is absolutely worth the money?
You're the president of the United States. What's the first change you make to better the system?
If you could change anything about the world and everybody would obey, what would it be?
What would be the worst thing to say to the person in the stall next to yours in a public toilet?
What's the one thing you are the best at?
People who have had the corona virus and have now fully recovered, what is it like and how bad is it?
What's a red flag when looking for a job?
People of Reddit who have sex, it's 100% right that if women wants an abortion she should be able to have one but is it right that if a father doesn't want a child he has to pay child support for 18 years?
what is the most beautiful painting you ever seen ?
What is something that has aged well?
Lawyers, What's a law that isn't real that normal people insist exists?
[serious] If you had the power to cure one and only one disease, ailment or handicap, what would it be and why?
What is something that you hated until you tried it?
What part of aging, hit you without warning?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
[SERIOUS] If people accidentally mistook you for the AMZN CEO, what would you do?
Why drinking coca cola , sprite etc. can make someones body itchy?
If immortality was granted to 1 million individuals worldwide, what would be a fair selection process?
What’s the weirdest thing your teacher ever did?
What makes you angry?
What's a song you like as a kid, but hate now as an adult?
What's your favorite game?
People of reddit, what did that one kid do to get expelled?
What seems to be overrated, until you actually try it?
How did you find out you got cheated on?
What sentence can you come up with that you believe has never been said before?
When will someone make a youtube ads Reddit?
If animals could sing, which one would be a rapper?
Which was the movie villain , evil character or monster that made you say "F*ck the hero, I'm with the bad guy" ?
What is your phone wallpaper?
What fact chills you too the bone?
If You Had to Live a Week Without Internet, What Would You Do to Keep Yourself Busy?
What movie stereotypes do you hate?
Redditors in Seattle who are currently living in CHAZ the autonomous free zone. Whats it like?
Do you think Trump will get re-elected? Why? Why not?
What’s your irrational fear?
What fictional character does everyone else love but you despise?
It's 50 days to a new decade! What were your best moments of this decade?
What sucks about being your age?
What is the most illegal thing you can do with one dollar ?
What if the road not taken was taken?
People who have been murdered, what does it feel like?
Whats the best way of telling someone that they are overreacting?
Girls of Reddit, what is something guys shouldn't feel insecure about?
Redditors who have been told they weren’t going to live, or have had a near death experience, how scary is it to actually face death? (Serious)
People who have the guts to ask their crush out. What happened afterwards?
“What if phobias are made from how you died in a past life” if this would be true, how did you die?
After winning the 2020 U.S. Presidential election, how will Americans react to having their first animated president, Mickey Mouse?
What are some ridiculous history facts?
What pivotal moment made you aware that you had some unusual neighbors?
What does it feel like when someone hugs you?
How does one become a Karen?
People who posted their story on Reddit and the person in said story found it, how did it go?
What's a non-sexual moment equivalent of an orgasm?
Russians of Reddit, how do you feel about your country's Soviet past?
Have you seen your Reddit comment on YouTube. If so what was it?
What does porn glorify that actually isn't that great in practice? (NSFW)
Do you believe in parallel universes? Why or why not?
[Serious] Prostitutes, escorts, strippers, other kinds of sex workers; what was your first day on the job like?
Social/religious norms aside, how would you like your death to be mourned/celebrated?
Judgement free zone. Folks in areas that recommend wearing a mask but choose not to, why don't you?
You can get any superpower you want, but as soon as you become aroused you lose your power permanently. How do you make sure you don’t lose your power?
What's the lamest kind of humor?
What was the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
If the coronavirus has affected you in any positive way, then how?
[Serious] If you had taken your life one year ago, what beautiful things would you have had missed out on?
How do you cope with sadness?
Germans of reddit. What do you get taught about WWII in school?
What's a fact about you that sounds completely unbelievable?
Which fictional villains were right?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the worst case of patient ignorance you've come across?
How many times do you think you’ve pooped?
What is the best kind of bread?
What do you do at night when you can’t sleep?
What feels illegal, but isn't?
What's the best way you've seen someone rebel against school rules?
What's your most favorite physical feature, and why?
Who is your favorite Youtuber and why?
What is something positive you'd like to share?
Couples who have moved in together, what surprised you most about living with a male/female?
Why do you feel important in this world?
A genie pops out of a lamp and says that he will immediately impart a bachelor's degree's worth of knowledge to every adult in your country; you need only say which bachelor's degree they should receive. Which do you choose, and why?
People who found/inherited a large sum of money, what did you do with the money and ultimately how did it change your life?
Men of reddit, what was your reaction seeing a pair of boobs for the first time?
What is a sign that you're unattractive?
whats a subtle sign someone’s depressed?
People of Reddit, since this will probably be turned into one of those text-to-voice Ask Reddit YouTube videos, what is a phrase you have always wanted to hear that British Robot Man say?
What is an interesting story from history that not a lot of people know about?
Straight people of reddit, What questions have you always wanted to ask people of the LGBT community that you have never been able to ask or had the courage to ask?
What’s an uncommon fear or phobia you have?
In what ways has Reddit affected your life?
What is a food everyone seems to hate, but you love? Why?
What is your favorite guitar solo?
Healthcare workers in the US, how do you feel about the lifting of lockdown restrictions across the country?
what is a book/movie you wish had a fandom?
You get a free car but it is designed by childhood you. What are you driving now?
What show are you kinda half watching while browsing Reddit?
What is the most traumatizing event that you witnessed while you were a kid?
What fictional character could someone say "Oh yeah, they're my role model!" about that would make you slowly back away?
Redditors who were taken back by their biological parents after your adoption was finalized, what was the fallout?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults ?
When life goes back to “normal” post Covid, what is one thing you think will never be the same again?
Rule 34 states 'if it exists there is porn of it, no exceptions'. What is an exception?
Does your career give you crippling anxiety and depression? If so, what area of law do you practice in?
Native english speakers, do you ever watch movies with subtitles even if the show is spoken in english? If yes, why?
What's your favourite “A man walks into a bar” joke?
What's the best experience on Reddit you've had so far?
What questions have you never asked because you feel like you should already know the answer?
You’re given a time machine fully equipped with bedroom, bathroom, cloaking device, matter replicator, and the entirety of Wikipedia. Where/when do you go first?
You are about to get into a fight, what song comes on as your soundtrack ?
People of Reddit: when was the closest you've ever been to death?
What’s your million dollar idea that somebody beat you to?
What is the pettiest, silliest, most meaningless hill you are willing to die on?
What's something you really want but you can't afford it?
Uni students of Reddit, what is the biggest "FuckYou" that your University gave during Covid?
What is your worst quality as a person?
What toxic behaviour has been normalised by the internet?
What's a song you love from a genre you don't?
What is the weirdest thing you've heard or had happen to you while using a public restroom? [NSFW]
What's the current favourite song?
[serious] People who have confronted their parents about their toxic behavior, how did it go?
What anxiety do you have that would seem completely normal to someone else?
Redditors who have a job that people make fun of, what's it like?
If you could have sex with your SO but your mind is in their body and theirs is in yours would you? Why?
You did something bad that went viral, and now you are unemployed and strangers hate you. How do you rebuild your life?
What does being successful mean to you?
What have you started in quarantine that you will continue after?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 1 quadrillion ants. If there was to be an ant rebellion, how would you kill your 133,333 ants?
People who lost a parent to suicide at a young age, what would you say to them now? Surviving parents, what advice would you give to someone in your position today?
Have you ever sorted anything by "Price: High to Low", and if so what was it?
What's a joke only a specific fanbase will get?
Of all movie opening scenes, which one sold the entire film?
Assuming the internet had been around since the dawn of time, whose search history would you be interested in seeing, past or present?
What helps you go to sleep when you don't feel tired?
How does one get a boyfriend?
what was the movie dialogue/ something you read in a book, that stuck with you?
What would people take more seriously if it had a different name?
[Serious] What irrational fears do you have?
What is the most interesting thing about you?
Johnny Cash comes back from the dead to cover one 90s Alt Rock song... What song should he cover?
What nickname has your friends given you?
We create a sentient artificial intelligence and the first thing it does is switch itself off. How does the world react?
Regardless of your political views, who do you think is gonna win? Trump or Biden?
Hey reddit! What are some ways for teenagers to make money?
[Serious] What was the worst house you have been in like?
Would you like a second Noah's Flood? Why?
What's the scariest space fact/mystery in your opinion?
Introverts of Reddit what social interaction makes your “battery” down to 0% immediately?
You have the ability to do absolutely nothing for extremely long period of time. What is a way you can make Money out of it ?
Reddit hates them, but what's your favourite emoji?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What do you think is the most interesting psychology phenomenon?
What was your best birthday party?
Redditors who remarried an ex spouse, why did you divorce and how did you get back together?
If you seen a clone version of yourself in public, what’s the first thing you’d do?
imagine tomorrow covid-19 completely disappears and lockdown is lifted. where is the first place you go or the first thing you do?
What's a name we haven't heard in a very long time?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the cringiest/weird tattoo you have ever done?
What's way more painful than most people think?
What is a fun fact about depression ?
What was the best moment you've seen where the real world hit a spoiled rich kid?
Redditors who worked at defunct stores (Blockbuster, Circuit City, etc.), when did you realize they were done for?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
Redditors, which generic AskReddit questions are you tired of seeing?
Furbies have front facing eyes and are therefore predators, how does this make you feel?
People of reddit what is the most NSFW thing you did while on school grounds?
What’s a small purchase people frequently make that adds up to a surprisingly large sum over time?
What is one fact you know that will make other people respond with “and why the f**k do you know that?”
What are some moments in movies that made you go "uh, it doesn't work like that"?
Anyone who has had a threesome, where did you find the third person?
What else does GTFO stand for?
What song is short, but amazing?
If you could send 1 book or 1 book series back in time to your teen self to read what would it be?
Are you taking the stairway to heaven, or the highway to hell? Why?
What does it mean to have a mental disorder?
What’s your favourite way of telling someone to stop talking?
Men of reddit who proposed and she said no, what happened afterwards with your life?
Bilingual people of Reddit, what is the weirdest direct translation you can think of?
Straight men of Reddit: what's the strangest thing you've been told not to do because "that's gay"?
What film role was 100% perfectly cast?
What's a delicious baked pastry?
With all the dumb cancelling they're doing these days (they just tried to cancel an episode of an old Fawlty Towers show), how come no one has bothered to come after Blazing Saddles yet?
People of reddit, who is that one teacher that you will always remember (good or bad) and why?
What are some fun part time jobs to explore for adults?
Gamers of Reddit what are some good quotes from video games?
What news headline shocked you the most and why?
[Serious] People who lived through the LA Riots in the 1990s, what similarities/differences do you see with the riots across the nation today?
Adults of Reddit, what is something you enjoy that society deems childish?
What is the longest time you've kept up a joke for?
Whats the dumbest thing you've ever been afraid of as a child?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be and why?
What can money not buy?
What is a woman?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the best excuse for being late that turned out to be true?
What do you remember hating the most being a child?
What are some things science doesn't understand, that you would think we would by now?
What's a quote that has just "stuck with you?"
What would you rate 10 / 10 in this world?
Men of Reddit. What are some mistakes women make during sex?
Which movie has the best "it's all coming together now" ending?
What 2000s song will always be a banger?
What is normal in small doses, but fatal in large ones?
What were you doing, in this same time of the year, 10 years ago?
What made you grow up faster than you should have?
People of Reddit, what's your opinion on the new Trump Administration Law about Transgender and Non-Binary discrimination?
What happened today that made you happy?
What is the one thing you shouldn't have googled ?
Why didn't you do what you were supposed to do today?
What's the cheapest luxury in life noone talks about?
What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke?
What is a book that you wish you erased from your memory, just so you can experience it all over again and get those feelings you first did?
0.1% doesn't seem much, however, What would horribly, catastrophically, go wrong if it was off by 0.1%?
Men of reddit, what is that one “girly” song that you sing with enthusiasm while alone, but would never want your buddies to know?
What video game has the potential to be made into a genuinely good movie?
When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened?
Survivors of Covid with Asthma, what was it like being sick? And what has the recovery process been like?
Ex trump supporters, what was the last straw?
Former Anti-Vaxxers, what caused you to change your mind?
You have been appointed Gosh, God's assistant for smaller, less serious everyday business. What are some of your policies and if neccessary, how do you explain them to/conceal them from your boss?
What's the most useful NSFW tip/hack you know?
People who died what was it like?
Whats your favorite game?
You just won the lottery for $1,000,000. What do you spend it on?
Which intro to a show do you never skip and why?
Redditors who lived in countries that no longer exist (Like Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia...etc) What was it like to see your country breakup?
What horror movie villain would you want a good version of?
[Serious] What are some giveaway signs not to trust someone?
Russians of reddit, what is the older generations opinion on the USSR?
What's your biggest "my spidey senses are tingling" moment?
If 8 years old you could’ve got a tattoo, what would you be trying to hide today?
You have to cook one dish for Gordon Ramsey. If he doesn't like it, you will die. What dish do you cook for him?
What subreddit rule has frustrated you the most?
Dads of Reddit, what's it like having a sixth sense that's directly linked to the thermostat?
What is more dangerous than people think?
If you woke up and you could walk through walls, what's the first thing you'd do?
If you had to eat at the same fast food chain everyday for the rest of your life with no consequences (gaining weight, pimples, cost etc.) which one would you choose?
A deaf person can now hear and you get to decide which song they hear first. Which song do you choose?
Redditers who sort by new, how do you know it's a banger when you see it?
What do you think is the reason (or motivation) for turning people in the US against each other?
What are the weirdest conspiracy theories you have ever heard?
whats a "holy thats gotta hurt" moment?
Which celebrity death hit you the hardest?
If someone offered you $2m to watch one movie for 48 hours straight, could you do it and what would it be?
What's something that exists but shouldn't?
What frictional character would you like to have sex with?
30 years from now you’re a professor of Meme history. What’s your first topic?
One food at your choice will now become super healthy, while retaining its exact same flavor (burgers, pizza, whatever). What do you choose?
What's something a teacher did at school that you're still mad about?
You're Stan, Satan's half-wit brother. Satan is taking a week of vacation and leaving you in charge. What kind of fucked-up quasi-punishments do you issue while Satan's out?
Whats acceptable to have to explain to a child, but unacceptable to have to explain to a adult?
Anti-communists of Reddit, what exactly is communism according to you?
What are some weird phobias?
The last man on Earth sits in his room. He hears a knock on the door, but is not scared. Why?
What fact blows your mind?
What is the most confusing/weird thing about reddit?
What is one question you would ask someone if you wanted to determine their level of intelligence?
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about?
People not from the western world. What's something Westerners eat that makes you wonder "Why the heck would you eat that!?"?
Old Youtube users, how was the experience compared to today?
How do you feel about a 4 day work week?
What is the greatest "fuck it, I'll do it myself" in history?
What’s something that should be taught in school but never is?
What product immediately becomes scarier when you put "military grade" in front of it?
What are the biggest myths of fitness?
[Serious] People who put their phones on speaker in public and hold them up to their mouths to talk into them like walkie talkies, why do you find this preferable to using your phone the traditional way? What advantages does it offer?
What is the most disturbing thing to happen at your school?
Who is your favorite historical figure?
Trump's birthday is June 14, how would you get him to tweet 'Worst Birthday Ever!' ?
Out of 7.7 billion people on the Earth,what do you think no one is doing right now?
[serious] When was a time you legitimately thought you were going to die?
You have a 1% chance of getting $100. Or you have a 2% chance of $99. This continues all the way to 100% chance of $1. What do you choose?
If you had a little pocket room that you could access from anywhere and it also stops time, what would you put in it?
To all the Overthinkers on Reddit, what do you actually overthink?
What fact sounds legit but is actually fake?
The last TV show is now a crossover with the last video game you played. What's playing?
What was a house rule you had as a kid that you thought was completely normal until you grew up and realized not all households followed?
How China is holding itself pretty well in this pandemic?
What is the most British insult you can think of?
Redditors who sleep naked, why?
If Covid-19 wasn’t dominating the news right now, what would be some of the biggest stories be right now?
What's a really shitty movie but you actually enjoy it?
What looked amazing in the ads, but turned out to be useless after you bought it?
What niche video game do you play which needs more attention?
Obviously not every guy finds this hot but, yanno how straight guys find two girls kissing hot? Well do straight girls find two guys kissing hot, or does it not work that way?
Atheists, if God came into you’re house and let you ask one question what would it be?
You can take one piece of video game logic into real life. What do you take?
What’s the biggest ‘fuck you’ way you’ve seen someone quit a job?
How do you know for sure that you aren't Batman?
What is one thing you find attractive, but deny that it is?
If you knew the answer would be yes, what would you ask?
What’s your favorite flag and why ?
What only exists because humans are dumb?
Americans that wear shoes inside their homes, why?
If instead of rebooting movies, retelling them from a different point of view became popular, which movie would you like retold?
If you overheard somebody telling their friend "It's like everybody's a nail and I'm a hammer" what would you think he meant?
What's the most you hate about masturbation?
What overused YouTube comment do you HATE seeing?
Those of you who say "make yourself at home" to visitors, how would you feel if I opened the fridge and snacked on whatever I liked?
McDonald's discontinues the Happy Meal and intruduces the Angry Meal. What kind of food and toys are in it?
What's a polite way to say "Fuck off"?
When buying ice cream: Which flavour do you buy the most?
What do you wish people would stop complaining about?
If 2020 was a company. What would be the solgan?
What is 10 times scarier at 3 am?
Without using your country's name, what is your country known for?
What do you do when your parents fight in front of you?
You get one wish, but 70% of the entire population also gets exactly what you wished for. What’s the wish?
Would it have been better if you would have stayed just friends and why?
What's your 3 am snack?
What’s the most recent song that got stuck in your head?
Redditors in their 30s and 40s with no lower back pain. What's your secret?
Brits of Reddit! American here! When you're learning about the very long history of your nation, what's the general tone or feeling when discussing colonial America and the war for independence?
What did the popular kid at your school do to go from cool to an absolute outcast?
What’s the WORST sex advice you can give to a First-Timer?
Reddit is a planet, its subreddits are countries, the size of the country is based on how many subscribers it has. World War 3 has just broken out and the entire world's at war. What event started the entire conflict? How does it all unfold?
What’s a movie that not enough people have heard of, and you think more people should watch?
The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react?
Which film is set furthest back in history ?
What's your most memorable movie line?
What do you say to someone after catching him while watching porn to make it any less awkward?
What is one event that completely changed your life? [serious]
What movie death scene is seared into your memory?
can it be common for people to be two-faced? why?
What's an American problem you're too European to understand?
Teachers of reddit, what are some of the weirdest things you’ve confiscated from a student?
What are some of the most toxic or potentially dangerous ideas/beliefs that have been perpetuated by Redditors?
People with 1 TB phones. What do you use all that space for?
People of reddit what would be the first realistic skill you would want to learn if you found out a zombie apocalypse was going to start in 6 months?
What foods are so good you could literally eat them every day and still want more?
People who are relatives to pornstars, how is it like?
You're Greg, you just finished an 8 hours shift at Walmart and as you leave to your car you run into one of your buddies in the parking lot and he introduce you to an alien. What do you do?
Students of Reddit, what is a random situation that occured during an online class?
What's your strangest wish?
What fruit do you dislike, but adore as an icecream, candy, etc. flavour?
On April 1st everyone gets a text on their phone saying “April Fools! Sorry about the beginning of the year, let’s retry that” and we get sent back to January 1st 2020, what’s the first thing humanity should do?
Dentists of Reddit, why is the best time to start a conversation while you have your hand down someone's throat?
What’s something you hated as a kid but now love?
What's the worst coworker you've ever worked with?
Which song never gets old?
What would you do if, suddenly, EVERY expense dropped by 90% in costs and your wage stayed exactly the same? How would you live life differently?
What song did you fall in love with not because of the original, but because of a cover?
People with any Mental illness or Physical disabilities, what's the most insensitive or ignorant remark/behaviour you've received from someone?
Chocolate is now illegal. What’s its street name?
What's a song you love, but avoid listening to because of how powerfully emotional it is for you?
What is the longest 5 minutes you have ever experienced?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for one day and one day only. What unnecessary piece of character information do you add to the Harry Potter lore?
Is it cool when someone calls you "nerd" or "geek"?
What’s was the best opening song to a movie?
What are some harsh realities of porn industries?
What is actually wrong with saying 'all lives matter' instead of 'black lives matter' ?
What is your opinion on virtual reality?
What is the craziest/weirdest dream you have ever had?
What are the craziest conspiracy theories you’ve ever heard of?
Did the Simpson's predict statues of racists being torn down in the intro when the bullies dehead Jebediah Springfield?
What is the worst symptom of your period?
If orgasms were painful instead of pleasurable, what major changes in society or history would there be?
What’s an everyday illusion more people should be aware of?
What unsolved mystery has no plausible explanation?
What do you think you will be thinking about in the last few seconds of your life?
On a first date with your dream man/woman, what would they need to do to make you completely lose interest?
People who don't use google as their primary search engine, what do you use and why do you choose it over google?
How would you feel about a Star Wars TV show directed like "The Office" that takes place in the Death Star?
What cartoon episode seems innocent, but in reality is very dark?
What band member was a mastermind in their craft, but severely overlooked by the celebrity of their front man?
Energy drinks are now illegal. What’s its street name?
What fictional character would be the coolest to hang out with?
If you were president of your country, what very small law will you put in place to change your peoples life ?
What animated movie/show made you cry the most?
Bank tellers of reddit: What is your plan if someone sends bees through the tube?
You have one hour to do anything, but afterward you can’t ever do it again. What do you do?
Everybody on earth has become gay. What would happen within a minute?
[serious] What is a cool history fact you know?
What's your favorite videogame of the past 5 or so years?
Who is the person you hate the most and why?
What are mind blowing facts about time travel?
How many fellow Redditors can write a positive comment in the comments for some people who need to see it?
If your comment could be heard by everyone across the world, what would you say?
People who were born deaf but gained hearing later in life, what objects did you expect to make noise?
What is the worst thing you could build with legos?
What is normal in your country but seems weird to the rest of the world?
Your username is now a company. What do you do/sell?
A new dating app is launched. Instead of a photo of the person, it shows you a photo of their bedroom, car, kitchen, shoes, how they have their tea/coffee, things like that... what photo would tell you the most about someone, and would you be most interested to see to choose a potential date?
Rule 34 states "If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions." What is something that you're pretty confident is an exception?
Should an actor or politician have their career ruined by racist or sexist remarks they made 10/20 years ago on social media, why or why not?
What made you say "oh shit" while eavesdropping?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
Redditors who live in Wyoming.. why?
What's the best way to stop being lonely?
Who is the best person you have ever met?
Past or present, who is the most universally beloved person in the world?
What is something you've never heard anyone say ever?
What is your opinion on plants?
Imagine your life is secretly being recorded 24/7 ( like The Truman Show). What kind of memes would your show’s fandom make about you?
What's the most wholesome thing a stranger has done for you?
What advice would y'all give to a new Reddit User?
What have you fucked up already today?
[Serious] Scientists/researchers of Reddit that have been in isolation (such as the Arctic/Antarctic for long periods of time how do you deal with lack of intimacy? Do single participants mingle or is there rules against this?
Who's your favorite fictional character?
What is your favourite video game opening cutscene/level?
What became so popular at your school that the teachers had to ban it?
What’s the most futuristic thing that exists right now?
What is something you had in your childhood that isn’t around anymore?
What is the best animated movie and why?
What was a life lesson you learned the hard way?
What is your favorite non-Harry Potter Alan Rickman movie?
Satan opens “Heck”, a lighter version of Hell. What kinds of torture are in it?
People who had covid-19 or know someone who did how bad was it?
If someone held a gun up to your head and asked you to spell a word correctly or die, what’s the word you would die from?
Out of all stupid things you've ever done while horny, what's the worst thing you've done?
What was a huge trend that everyone forgot about?
What’s a time you got caught lying? What did you do?
What's another "freak out" moment that as similar as walking through a spider web face first?
What's something that gives you hope for the future of humanity?
Cleaning people of Reddit: What are some of your best tips to clean fast?
What's something you hated as a kid, but loved as an adult?
[serious] what is a good reason to live?
[Serious] Doctors of Reddit, due to American Sex Ed being below par, what are some myths about sex that you can clear up for the young adults who need it?
People who don't wear a blanket when they sleep, how do you protect yourselves from the monsters?
People who have had a post blow up, how does it feel to look at your phone after a few hours and realise people liked your post?
Life-long skinny people of reddit, how did your parents teach you to have a healthy relationship with food?
What is the most depressing movie of all time?
What is the worst song to date you've ever heard?
What are some reasons you might feel like running away from everything for a fresh start all on your own?
Do you find yourself coming up with crazy ideas in your head? Thinking about situations that couldn't possibly be true but convincing yourself otherwise, creating crazy and untrue thoughts? If so what’s your craziest thought?
An all-knowing being comes to earth and is willling to pass on everything it knows to 1 person so they could explain it to humanity, who do you elect?
What makes you insanely happy for some reason you can’t explain?
Do you think aliens exist? Why or why not?
Now that the 2010s decade is ending, which trends are the most regrettable?
What was the first book you read that was so good you could not put it down?
How’s life so far? You need a reddit hug?
[serious] What is something that you personally need to hear from someone else right now?
What's your favorite song that's upbeat musically but sad lyrically?
What did a fictional character say that stuck with you?
What are some stupid mentalities and mindsets that need to end?
People who’ve attended weddings were someone objected, what happened?
If you were ultra-rich, what frivolous service would you pay for?
Reddit, what is one thing that makes someone a better person?
People of reddit. What's the dumbest arguement you've ever had?
What is your favourite simple pleasure in life?
Who will never get the benefit of the doubt from you?
What's the biggest flop from a major company that you can remember?
What is the right way to make Kool Aid and why ?
If a carpenter is a 'chippy' and an electrician is a 'sparky,' then what is a plumber?
What are the free things online in your opinion that everyone during lockdown should take advantage of?
What foods do you now enjoy as an adult that you didn’t like as a kid?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever done for money? (Serious)
What have you not done, that most people your age have?
What common joke would you retire from the human race if you had the chance?
What's the sign that somebody was raised right?
If you could choose an animal to understand (like basically talk to them) which 1 animal would you pick?
People who have gone through gender reassignment surgery how does it feel(down there and mentally)?
What looks complicated to do but is actually quite easy?
What’s a fact that was hidden from you as a child?
What’s the closest thing to magic in existence?
What’s the most disturbing song someone could play while having sex?
What are you faking?
What was the most porno situation you’ve ever had?
[Serious] People who had depression, how did you beat it?
Whats a pet peeve that always gets you riled up?
What are the worst things to Google?
What sign/gift did the universe give you that made you think there's something out there looking after you?
Humans of Reddit, what is your planets defense system?
If you were offered 1440000 dollars per month from Jeff Bezos to allow him to use your soft buttocks as a pillow each night, would you acept it? If not, why?
how do you tell your parents you don't believe in god?
Window washers of reddit: what is the most memorable thing you have seen while on the job?
How Many People Actually Sort By New?
If somehow everyone woke up tomorrow with the same skin color (let's go with blue), would that be the end of racism? Why or why not?
Why are you so quiet ?
You can add one "fuck" to any famous quote, where do you put it?
[NSFW] Butt plug users of Reddit, why/when/how do you use your butt plug? What are they all about?
What's the scariest thing you seen while playing a video game?
How do you tell your friends you have autism?
[Serious] Redditors who were the final people to see a missing person, have they been found? And how has their disappearance affected you?
What in the fuck is up with the Japanese legal system?
If you had to have a scar on a part of your body, where would you put it and why?
The last thing you googled killed you, how did you die?
What is your favourite 'weird' food combo?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
What screams scientifically illiterate?
What are some of the best way to masturbate?
[Serious] What are some signs of various mental disorders that usually go unnoticed?
Dads of Reddit, when was the last time you actually needed a cable from that box of random cables that you have?
Ex smokers, any tips on how to quit?
What’s the stupidest thing you were forced to do?
Whats a great response too "I hate you?"
(NSFW) People of Reddit who have gone to prison or jail, which person in there did you feel the most sorry for? Why?
What song would you blast if you were involved in a high speed chase?
Welcome to McDonalds, what would you like to order?
You can multiply ANY VALUE in your life by 10. What value would it be?
You get 24 hours to prepare, and you get paid $10,000 to stay in your room for an entire week with no internet/data connection/television. Can't leave. Do you do it? And if so, what do you do in the meantime?
If a premium version of sleep were to exist, what features would it include?
You get to have sex with the Woman/Man of your dreams. However, there is press conference after discussing your performance. Do you do it, why or why not?
Which conspiracy theory do you believe is true?
"Everyone needs 3 hobbies: one to keep you creative, one to keep you in shape, and one to make you money." What are yours?
For the few that have actually read any terms and conditions, what sneaky things have you found?
What would you like to clear up with the FBI agent watching you?
What is the worst thing that has happened at a high school reunion party that you attended?
If WW1 really was the 'war to end all wars', where would humanity be at now?
Everyone is a little bit prejudiced. What is your prejudice?
What is one memory that never fails to make you smile every time you think about it?
What is the direction to the North?
Redditors who have a job where they go into other people’s homes (plumbers, electricians, etc) what’s the weirdest most disturbing thing you’ve seen while working in a customer’s house?
If gun shots could be replaced with any other sound to make them seem less frightening, what would it be?
What is the best nonfiction book you’ve ever read?
[Serious] Night Owls of Reddit, what have you witnessed at night that truly horrified you?
If you could torture someone by playing one song on repeat for 24 hours, what would that song be?
How do you get a Girlfriend?
What's an alcoholic drink you invented?
You enter god-mode. What's the first thing you do to cause the most chaos?
What is the most bizarre fun fact you know?
The “nails on a chalkboard” feeling is called “grima;” what else gives you grima?
What just doesn't make sense about the Harry Potter universe?
Men of reddit, what's a thing that can be scary about being a man?
What is an example of a question you were going to ask or look up but then realised after typing it out that it was dumb/you knew the answer?
What’s a food you used to hate but have since come around to?
Teacher's of Reddit. What's the coolest thing you've confiscated of a child?
Which actor/actress do you wish could live forever to keep making movies or shows?
How do you disbelieve people hate you in general?
What are some subtle signs that you are stressed?
How and when was your first porn experience?
What's Something Your Family Doesn't Know About You?
What is the most useless fact you know?
Which teacher you had in school made you go "fuck it, I'll learn by myself"?
If you were to die today, what would your parents find that you were hiding from them?
What is considered socially unacceptable for no reason?
How did your good friend became your best friend?
Doctors of reddit, what patient made you go "How the fuck are you even alive"?
Is there a food you refuse to eat and why?
[Serious] Have you been to therapy? Has it helped you? How so?
What is the best movie quote you have ever heard?
[SERIOUS] How do you keep away the bad thoughts while trying to sleep?
What was your favorite Movie as a Kid?
How did you smuggle video games into school?
Those who worked at airports, what is the strangest thing you have seen in peoples luggage?
What did you think you were really good at until you saw someone who was *actually* really good at it?
To all the black cops, which side do you take during these protests? What moral conflicts do you face?
Believers of Reddit why do you believe in God ?
People whose first relationship was very long term, what weird thing did you believe was normal until you started seeing other people?
What's something in your room right now that most people probably dont have in theirs?
What is your favorite kind of cookie?
Dead people on Reddit. How does it feel to be dead? Is it better over there?
In 50 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
[Serious]American Minorities: How do you feel about the cancellation of Live PD?
What are some history facts that few people know?
If scientists invented a teleportation system but the death rate was 1 in 5 million would you use it? Why or why not?
What's a random fact about you?
You wake up one day as a toddler. What do you do next?
[Serious] What is the deadliest thing known to mankind?
People who have flown before 9/11 happened, how does the experience differ from now? And what was your reaction to the change?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
What's the most useless thing you own?
You get to pick the song that's played as the troops are marching off to battle. What song do you pick for maximum motivation?
How did you escape the friendzone ?
What’s that one song that has a special feeling to you ?
Why are you so attached to your iPhone?
Whats a weird/unique little quirk you have that you didnt know you had until someone pointed it out?
If your username was your future, where would you be in 10 years?
What movie has not aged well with the times?
What fact are you really surprised that more people don’t know about?
What untrue thing did you believe was 100% fact as a kid?
What are your tips for surviving a Apocalypse?
What little thing made you smile today?
Redditors, what is your earliest memory?
Do people actually have sex in random bedrooms at house parties? Why would any host leave their bedrooms unlocked?
What was the thing that got you onto reddit?
What are some of the best things to mix in with rice?
Should men receive paternal leave with the same pay and duration as women receive with maternal leave, why or why not?
(NSFW) What's the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
You come home and find two people together in your bed, what do you say to them to make it as awkward as possible?
What is your ‘comfort show’ a series that just makes you feel good. You’ve seen it several times over but go back to it whenever you just want to curl up in bed or on the couch and watch your favourite characters for hours on end?
Lawyers of Reddit, what’s the worst way you’ve seen a person screw over someone else in court whether it be criminal, civil, or divorce proceedings?
What tv show do you remember most from your childhood??
What would be the Pro's and Cons of replacing the Minneapolis PD with the Paw Patrol?
Bisexual people of reddit, what are the biggest diffferences between having a relationship with a man and with a woman?
Surgeons of Reddit, how does it feel when you are cutting into someone?
What is the best quote you know?
Old members of Reddit , What are the unwritten rules of Reddit that new members should know of?
Ladies of reddit: what is a disclaimer that you wish all guys would know?
What is your favorite thing to watch on youtube?
What is " love yourself" supposed to mean?
Fav video game, &amp; why?
What was the best thing about getting Reddit gold?
Do you kick your pets out of the room when you masturbate? Why or why not?
What if 10 billion roombas were let loose around the world with unlimited battery and they’re water resistant, how would the world change?
What's a scary thought about death?
What Are Some Tips For Falling Asleep Faster?
What is a type of product that gets worse the more expensive it is?
What is something that you had to unlearn?
What's the greatest quote you've ever come across?
Hotel staff of Reddit, how often do you catch people nude in the halls and what's your best story? [NSFW]
[Serious] What are some unique or interesting questions you can ask somebody to get to know them before dating?
If you were the last person left in the world, what would you do?
You are now the manager of purgatory, it’s a mix between heaven and hell. How would you make people uncomfortable, while they can also enjoy things?
Whats going on in your life?
What’s the story behind your username?
What do people THINK is a scam, but they actually just don't understand it?
Barbers of Reddit, what's the biggest tip you've ever received?
How do you accept and make peace with loneliness?
What TV show did you last watch?
If you caught your partner "sexting" would you consider it cheating? Would it break the trust? Why or why not?
Which Movie will always be a classic?
When is quantity better than quality?
What parody awards would you add to Reddit if you could?
soldiers who've been in combat, do people have as bad aim as they do in war movies?
What’s an insult that sounds like a compliment?
What is the weirdest human mating ritual?
What's something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
What's the worst way to die?
In 2019, Pornhub released statistics that showed step porn is trending downwards worldwide, but hentai is rising, especially in Russia. How can we use this information to foster world peace?
To the guys of Reddit. What's your most embarrassing wet dream experience (or even premature ejaculation experience)?
Who is a celebrity you want to be friends with?
People who worked in Restaurants, what was the worst customer that you had to deal with?
teachers, what was the dumbest argument students got for being late, but turned out to be true?
If you woke up back in 2015 with memory of all future events, what is the first thing you would do?
Who would you call if you caught bigfoot?
You are in hell but if you beat the devil in a game of your choice he will let you out, what game would you pick?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What was the saddest example of someone desperate for clout?
If you had a superpower that was based on your last google search. What power would you have?
What have you done that’s made you doubt your sanity?
To all of those actually named Chad, Stacy, or Karen, how does it make you feel knowing that your names are used as insults?
How does your generation differ from that of the 1960's ?
[Serious] What is the best way to make the most of the last few weeks with a dying parent?
If your username is the cure, what's the disease?
What's the most expensive thing you have?
What's the best kept secret on the Internet?
[Serious] US Soldiers of Reddit: What do you believe or understand the Kurdish reaction to be regarding the president's decision to remove troops from the area, both from a perspective toward US leaders specifically, and towards the US in general?
Blind people of reddit, how do you fanatize porn?
You have a super power but the first to reply chooses a catch. What’s your power?
What is one piece of clothing that is good to remain worn during sex?
[Serious] Fans who have been engrossed in a fictional universe so much you could probably earn a degree about it, what plot holes, logical inconsistencies, and the like cannot be reconciled and bother you to no end?
how would you torture someone for 24 hours, if they have to survive the torture, but it also has to be the worst torture you can think of?
What surprised you about sex after having it for the first time?
What’s the oldest thing you own?
What was the first book/movie that made you change your life in someway?
What has pop culture taken and beat the shit out of?
People who have survived an attempted murder, what is your story?
How many people feel more heartbroken over a friendship breakup than a romantic one?
Which side do you prefer, Marvel or DC?
Your phone now has a lie detector app that alerts others when you lie. How's your life gonna change?
If we ate only a certain type of food, similar to cat food or dog food, called "human food", what would it be?
Which scar on your body tells the best story?
People in US particularly of Seattle What's the hell is going on with CHAZ?
What caused the biggest adrenaline rush in your life?
What’s the dumbest injury you’ve ever got?
What if there was no such thing as friction?
What are some best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
What foods are absolutely delicious, but are a pain in the ass to eat?
You get to create the creature that ends the world. What do you make?
What is something perfectly legal that feels illegal?
What’s your favorite joke?
What is the most interesting and most scary thing you have seen in your life?
What’s the stupidest way you’ve hurt yourself?
What is it you can't do anymore because it doesn't exist?
What do straight people think of gays?
What is the stupidest way you've injured yourself?
When is the last time you have cried, and what was is about?
If the Founding Fathers of the USA came back to judge us and how America turned out, what would they say/think?
What very realistic event could happen to make 2020 even worse?
When did you realize that YOU were the problem?
What's a super genius way to hide something in your house?
What is the best memory you can recall?
How often would you say people really pee in public pools? Is it safe and does the chlorine kill any bacteria?
What show never declined in quality?
Mattel releases a new version of Uno called "Fuck-You-No." It's like Uno, but there's a ton of new Special Cards, and all of them are designed to fuck over the next player. What are some of these special cards?
The last person you googled is now stuck with you in a room for the week. How f****d or lucky are you?
Inmates of reddit, after getting out of prison what was different?
What's the strangest thing you or a family member owns?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, what was a legit reason why you didn't let your son/daughter have THAT friend over/go to a sleepover?
Why the fuck are you all calling it "social" distancing? You do more socializing than ever, it is "Physical" distancing, that is unless you shut down all your social media for months?
What is the worst thing one could do on a first date?
What are some horrifying things to consider when thinking about aliens?
What is something that is expensive, but only owned by poor people?
Fellow multilingual Redditors, what have you overheard from people who didn’t think you spoke/understand the same language?
What is something you really fucked up on?
What is something that gets a lot hate for no reason?
What reoccurring dreams/nightmares do you have?
Have you ever bumped into your cat outside of your house in the neighborhood? How was the interaction?
What kind of music is your daily dose of eargasm?
The last object you touched is now missing until this time next week, how screwed are you until then?
what is your hometown famous for?
What are some warning signs of predatory behavior that you believe more people should be aware of?
Redditors who have had to move out of state on short notice, how did you handle things like finding housing and employment?
What your best worst pick up line that worked ?
How do you tell if someone is attracted to you or just being very friendly?
What movies would be a lot shorter if the main character just did what the fuck they were told?
Alright you bunch of whippersnappers, what's your favourite slang word?
What's a childhood meal you loved as a kid, but you find disgusting as an adult?
[Serious] What's the biggest potential ender that you were able to overcome in your longterm relationship and how did you get through it?
What is one thing people do that really grinds your gears ?
What is the wallpaper on your phone?
People who have been discriminated for something they cannot control, what's your story?
What is the absolute way you do not want to die?
Have you ever got over a phobia? How did you do it?
You get one wish, but whatever you wish for will happen again twice the next day, and four times the day after that, and so on. What do you wish for?
What advice do you have for someone going into high school?
What's the scariest dream you can remember?
What experience did you have in a foreign country that made you say "I'm not going back to this place again"?
People who gave out their information to scams what happened?
Have you ever successfully stopped a repeat marketing or scam phone call? How did you do it?
Which musician/artist would have had the best career had they not met an untimely demise?
What golden nugget of information do you have to share?
People who live in cities where TV shows are set, what do you think of the portrayal of your city?
What is one thing in your life that you actually regret putting time and effort into?
Redditors in other countries, what's something you do often that Americans would never even consider?
Fellow Redditors, what is your biggest insecurity?
If sexual experiences were like trading cards what would be your rarest card?
[Serious] What was the most horrifying thing you have seen/experienced at night?
Right from *now* your need for sleep is gone. You can now stay awake till your eventual death without any consequences. How would the extra time (that you get from not sleeping) affect your life?
You have 10000$ to spend in 1hr, in what ways will you spend it?
What is the worst time to get a boner?
What stopped you from killing yourself ?
What's the most "Mom and dad aren't home" thing you've ever seen/experienced?
[Serious] Which regional English dialect do you speak?
What does a “mental breakdown” feel like?
What's your favorite phrases for telling someone to stop being a jerk?
Trike owners, why not just add a fourth wheel and drive a Miata?
Why are you awake right now? Shouldn't you be asleep?
What's something about you that nobody knows since it never comes up and nobody asks?
What is your favorite fair/carnival ride?
What is the most asshole thing your pet has ever done to you or a family member?
What professions get looked down upon, but actually pay good?
What is the most difficult concept for the human mind to comprehend?
Who is the most attractive person you've ever seen?
What should people stop buying?
You get a billion dollars if you can start a massive argument at your family's Thanksgiving dinner. What's your game plan?
If X-Box and Playstation made a console as a team. How advanced and legendary do you think it would be? Or would it even sell in the first place?
What's the perfect question for which your username is the answer?
Hong Kong protesters how is it going on the front lines?
What is something you don’t have the heart to tell to your family?
How often do u guys talk to yourself?
You wake up one day in the year 2000 but your phone and internet is still at the year 2020 what do you use this for and why?
What fictional food have you always wanted to eat?
What movie scene shocked you the most?
It has now been 6969 days since the year 2000. How will you celebrate this monumental day?
What is the best it's so bad it's good movie?
As a way of helping out local businesses in your area, which area do you live in and what is your favourite restaurant/local business in your area?
Sex workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest kink a customer has asked you to fulfill?
What do you do with your SO that isn't normal?
What Is something you would get if you had enough money?
What If Every Dream Is a Memory From a Past Life?
What is your opinion of the confederate flag?
VR now allows you to sell your experiences to others. Which memories would you put up for sale?
Your username is your sexual fantasy, what is your kink?
Which movie has the best opening five minutes?
Question for anthropologist redditors: How do aboriginal tribes that use little or no clothing deal with unwanted erections?
Childcare workers, what family secret was revealed by a kid?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
What is the most interesting sex story that you have heard ?
What is something everyone should know how to do at age 30?
What is your dream career?
What is your “nobody will ever believe this” moment?
Poof! All of a sudden you're in a cats body. You have the sudden urge to be incredibly mischievous. What do you do first?
What rule have you never broken?
What is something, that no matter how hard you try, you'll never understand?
You wake up tomorrow and the simulation resets to 12/12/12, but you (and only you) have all of the knowledge and information that you've acquired since. What's the first thing you do?
What's your favourite smell?
What is your sexual fantasy?
Which year or decade would you timetravel and why?
Storm Area 51 is just one week away. What's a harmless way they could "stop us all"?
You are suddenly 10 feet to your right. How does that change your present situation?
Who’s your favorite Scooby-Doo character?
If girls almost always ask Have you ever had s girlfriend, what does it mean? Does it mean that you give off loser vibes or?
What cheat code would you like to add to real life?
Back in the day, what website did you spend way too many hours of your life on?
Humans of Reddit, what are our planetary defenses?
People who’ve caught Covid during quarantine, what was your mistake? [serious]
What’s the most fucked up movie you’ve ever watched?
What is something you used to have that you’re glad is gone?
What’s your favourite random fact?
Do you prefer physical horror (blood, gore, etc.) or psychological horror (mind games, etc.)? Why?
What song is 10/10 but hardly anyone has heard of it?
You have 10 seconds to make a convincing fake fact. What do you come up with?
What are we all a prisoner of?
Roadtrippers of Reddit, What is the weirdest thing that you've seen in a town that's completely alien to you, local or international?
How would you best describe people's behaviour in the first half of 2020?
People of Reddit, what's the funniest/weirdest thing you've ever done/experienced?
What was your favourite childhood game has a kid?
What do you think sex was like back in medieval times? What about cavemen times?
Without saying what is your favorite animal?
What will be your dying words?
Are you concerned about a resurgence of COVID-19, why or why not?
The only way to stop the world from ending in 2020 is to sacrifice 100,000 virgins. Which subreddits do you sacrifice?
How is your best friend from 8th grade doing?
What is wrong with swearing?
If you had to choose only two colors to see for the rest of your life what would they be?
At a theme park for grown-ups, where the rides/attractions are the stuff in life you’ve always wanted to try (like using the airplane emergency slide), where do you go first?
What is your favorite meat?
People who don’t save more then once in games, why do you live life on the edge?
What is the best NSFW Christmas joke you know?
Your skin colour has changed to blue. What do you do?
What’s something people misunderstand way too often?
Cops of reddit, what’s the most bullshit sounding excuse you got that actually turned out to be true?
What under $10 item is a total game changer?
What was the best thing someone ever told you ?
We need to start asking the real questions. Karens exist, but what if, GUY Karens?
Police Officers of reddit, do you know when another cop is a bad apple? Are you encouraged to say something?
Programmers, what is the biggest fuck up you've ever seen caused by a tiny mistake in the code?
Psychics of reddit, why you are not billionaires ?
Redditors who moved into a "tiny house" during the craze a while back, how's it going now?
People who speak English as a second or later language, what's one rule or word in English that completely baffled you?
What if there existed a song named bad guy?
What do you like but reddit hates?
What were you afraid of as a child ?
You are now forever stuck in the last movie you watched. How’s your new life looking?
Porn stars of reddit, what does NSFW mean to you? Is it SFW? Just work?
If you were able to know the answer to anything, what would it be and why?
You are forced to give an hour long presentation without preparation on a topic of your choice, what’s the title of your presentation?
What is a skill that is seemingly useless, but actually has many real-world uses?
What makes a person boring?
Who's your favorite YouTuber and why are they your favorite?
You're tired from the human race, so you decide to help an advanced alien civilization destroy the Earth, what tips would you give them?
What's the nicest way to tell someone to F off?
Do people judge you for your taste in music? What do they say?
What's the wisest quote you've ever heard?
To every redditor who feels lonely: Hi, how was your day?
If musical instruments could talk which would be the most annoying?
Your Reddit username is your superpower. What is it, and will you use it for good or evil?
People who wear shoes without socks, why?
What song can’t you listen to without crying or getting emotional?
What game do you like with everyone else hates?
What conspiracy theory do you believe? Why?
If you could go back in time 10,000 years ago and make a cave painting to confuse everyone in the future; what would you draw?
What are the best things to do on a gap year?
Which Celebrity turns you instantly on and why?
Teachers, what’s the darkest thing you’ve seen from a student?
What are some unwritten rules of Reddit? And if you had it your way, what would you change?
Extroverts of reddit, what questions do you have for introverts?
What’s the longest you have gone without bathing?
What's a first date tip that could save you a lot of embarrassment?
People with reddit argentium how does it feel?
There is an anime called Death Note. In that anime, a guy gets a notebook in which he can write the name any person and the person will die. If you get that death note, how would you use it?
What animal would make a great driver?
What the best way to answer to a spam call?
What is a food that you hate but you really want to like?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you don't make them laugh, you'll be killed. What joke do you tell them?
What would you absolutely refuse to do for a million dollars, but do without hesitation for a billion?
What single item would you remove from the universe to wreak the most havoc?
Redditors who work with animals, what was your worst "oh yeah, I forgot to tell you they did that." moment?
Dear people of reddit, What is something you don't think people should do?
Do you truly think you wouldn't be racist if you traveled back to a time where it was unsafe to be anti racist?
What’s the most satisfying thing you do everyday?
What is your favorite single line of lyrics from a song?
If 2020 was a food, what would it be?
What is your best ice breaker?
Nothing is infinite right, but what about time, when did time "start", like what's the furthest point back could time go. And also, what was before that time, or what will be once it ends?
What's the last kind thing you did for yourself?
People who drive five miles per hour under the speed limit, why do you do this?
What can you do being single versus being in a relationship?
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
What is perfectly acceptable in a small town but not in a big city?
What would be the slogan for the human race?
What can you do to spice things up in the bedroom?
What is the closest non sexual thing to an orgasm you have experienced?
Who is your favorite fictional character and why?
[Serious] What is the single most important thing you've done with your life?
How would you feel about introducing an 'undo' function to Reddit, that takes you back to where you were, if you accidentally clicked away while scrolling?
People who tested positive for C0VID and are &gt;90% certain of how you caught it. How did you get it?
What modern day appliance do you think is under appreciated?
What song is 10/10, yet hardly anyone has heard of it?
People who had no sex education at all and had never ever seen the opposite sex's special parts, how'd you know how sex worked (if you did at all) and which parts were supposed to go where? How did your first time go?
Starting next week, fart sounds will be replaced with a sound of your choosing. What sound should it be?
What's the last app you purchased on Android?
To people who are celebrity lookalikes, have you ever gotten celebrity treatment in public?
What are some movies worth watching told from the antagonist’s point of view?
What’s one thing you wish would be discovered, but most likely won’t before you leave this world?
How did you get your scars?
Have you ever slapped someone,Why?
[Serious] What stories about WW2 did your grandparents tell you and/or what did you find out about their lives during that period?
What is the biggest family secret you’re aware of?
What is a toxic behavior that is disguised as virtue?
What’s that one thing that you’ll never do, no matter what?
You get to take over a friend's Facebook account for an hour. What are some ideas for things to do?
What's an activity you've never done but always wanted to try?
A magical pet store is open, but the good pets are too expensive, what magical pets you find in the discount section?
For dnd dms of reddit what is the most face palm moments in your party?
Diddlers of Reddit, what is the best thing to diddle aside from a fiddle?
What do you value most in a relationship?
What causes people to believe in ghosts?
what would happen if you add 1 to another 1?
Because of an epidemic Earth is going back into the Middle Ages. Only 1% of the population is still alive, and there's no electricity. What skills or items do you have to help you survive the longest?
What is one profession where you don’t ever want to hear them genuinely say “oops” on the job?
Do you like your job now or pre-quarantine &amp; why?
What’s the most fucked up Reddit story you’ve read?
What words do you hate?
You wake up 2 hours late for work. Would you still go? Why/why not?
Hiring managers of reddit, what’s a sure way to screw up the interview?
What's something you genuinely can't understand why so many people love it?
What 80’s movies hold up and are still worth watching 30-40 years later?
What commonly known fact absolutely blew your mind?
How drunk is too drunk?
GTA logic now applies to real life. What happens?
Redditors who had sibling that turned out to be Karens, what were they like growing up?
Would you accept to become a 20 year old again,but you keep all your current memories and skills? Why or why not?
What’s your opinion on vandalizing statues of slave owners?
What was the most successful prank you’ve ever pulled?
Which children's movie is actually sad /disturbing?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have experienced Clinical Death (and then been resuscitated, obviously), what if anything did you experience on 'the other side'?
What horror movie do you think you'd easily survive if you were in it?
What's the harsh reality no one accepts?
What instrument would you like to hear more of in modern music?
[Serious] Suicide Survivors, what last occurrence pushed you over the edge? Did it change for the better afterwards?
What is one thing which sounds awesome but if you think about it it's pretty dumb?
What does it feel like to live alone?
[Serious] When did COVID-19 get real for you?
In 50 years when we tell our kids and grandkids about 2020, what’s the first thing we tell them?
It's 69 days until 4/20/20. How do you feel?
What do you think would happen if George Floyd was White? Do you think they would suffocate the white man?
What’s the scariest fact you wish you never knew?
What do you NOT say during a job interview?
What are those things that marked your childhood?
People who grew up in third-world countries, what was the biggest shock for you when moving into a developed country?
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?
Hitler’s moustache might’ve been used a lot before it was associated with him. What other hairstyles/beards/staches were doomed by a fictional or historical character?
What are some horror movies whose true stories are way scarier?
What was your first video game?
What movie fucked you up mentally?
what are good reasons to live?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
What is something you regretted instantly after doing it except masturbation?
Redditors who have family or friends in the porn industry, how has this affected your relationship with them/porn?
What story would you like to re-watch, re-play or reread again for the first time and why?
Gamers, what are you playing to pass the time?
Those who have been or currently are in the Foster Care System, what do you wish people knew?
what was something a person did that made you hate them?
Men of Reddit: Your penis now makes an audible sound when ejaculating, any sound of your choosing...what's your choice?
What would it take for you to believe aliens exist?
If you had the entire world's attention for 30 seconds, what would you say?
What’s the worst CGI you’ve ever seen in a live action film?
What inanimate object would you just like to say "fuck you" to?
What is the worst backhanded compliment you've ever recieved?
If everyone on the planet could hear your voice for 60 seconds, what would you say?
People with very little social life and with a partner...how did you meet them?
If each fruit was its own brand, what would some of their slogans be?
Teachers, what are your least favorite types of students?
With all the advance in FinTech and other instruments (credit cards, apple pay...) , why do people still pay with cash?
What was the best day of your life?
So what do you think the next big thing that will make people forget the protests will be?
How much damage would it cost if the internet went down for one second?
What is a joke/something that only you found funny?
Where do you go on your dream holiday/vacation?
What's a shower thought that you've thought about outside the shower?
What do you know way too much about?
If all illegal drugs became legal to purchase and consume, which drug would you try?
What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?
What simple thing can you do to make your life better?
What “old person” things do you do?
What stopped you from committing suicide?
What industry is a lot shadier than it seems?
What is your favorite gas station snack?
If someone offered you 500k lump sum to take Cold Showers and baths for the rest of your life.. would you do it and why?
Pet owners of reddit, whats a small detail/quirk that you love about your pet?
What’s a popular city you have visited that you feel is waaay overrated?
Anti-lockdowners of Reddit, why?
What's a common saying that annoys you?
What movie scared the shit out of you as a child?
Albert Einstein once said "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." What was your moment when someone judged you like that?
You get magically teleported into the last video game you've played and will return in a week. If you die in the game, you'll die in real life (blacking out and such count as dying) but you get to keep anything you've got in the game as well. What's your strategy?
If you were a demon, what would it take to summon you?
Tattoo Artists of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a client has asked for?
How can an individual make a significant change in the world without having an insane amount of money to throw at a problem?
You discover that every time someone jerks off to you $10 mysteriously gets deposited into your bank account. How do you use this newfound power?
Former burglars of reddit, where is one place people should never hide valuables?
If you could teach the entire world just one concept, what would it be?
People whose parents where racist, what was it like?
If your username becomes the God of a new religion, what is this religion like?
What would your ideal school system look like?
What are some good shows to binge watch in quarantine?
What made us decide to brush our teeth in the same room we shit in?
What if Elon Musk was just one of these reddit writing prompts of someone who just gains immense knowledge and makes billions off making cars, rockets, and flamethrowers?
What names are too human to name an animal?
What is one luxury that wealthy people will never have?
What's your most favorite song cover?
[Serious] What was a moment in your life where paranoia or your gut feeling saved you?
Nurses of psych wards, what did a patient do that left you speechless?
Whats the one thing that you thought was easy but turned out to be extremely difficult when you actually attempted it?
What's the biggest red flag when meeting new people?
When you die, you go to Heaven, but you can only hang out with people who died in the exact same way as you. How are you going to try to go out?
Your SO turn out to be 3000 year old ultimate lifeform capable of shapeshifting. How would you react to that reveal?
Thinkers of Reddit, what are the worst gender-biased assumptions?
What’s the best / most comfortable shoe you have ever worn ?
What is the greatest design fuck up of the human body?
What was the moment that you realized that someone was obsessed with you in an unhealthy way? What tipped you off?
What advice would you give to someone who’s about to turn 19 soon?
To the deaf who gained the ability to hear, what sound surprised you the MOST?
How would you feel if every 5-10 years people would have to retake their driving test to keep their license?
What's the dumbest thing you've done trying to impress someone?
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is cast as Tommy Pickles in a live action Rugrats movie. Who should play Chuckie?
You can devote your life to a single project with limitless funding, what is it?
Escape Room workers of Reddit, whats the most absurd thing players have done?
Have you ever gotten an award on reddit? If so what was it for?
What are some things you’d only know by growing up poor?
What’s the girl word for “bruh”?
Extroverts of Reddit, how do you socialize with others during quarantine? Has quarantine affected your lifestyle in terms of socializing? If so why?
What if cannibalism was an accepted diet?
It’s the year 2050 and the term “ok millennial” is trending. What are the reasons the young generation is using it?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is the best thing about your pet?
What if life was like a j rpg?
You have 5 seconds to ruin the entire wedding, what would you do?
If someone point a gun to you, what would you do?
People that have a Carpeted Bathroom, why?
What is your opinion on a cashless society?
What was the absolute worst bug bite you ever got?
What's a question so stupid it gets more complex the more you think about it?
People who actually dressed up as a creepy clown during the 2016 clown sightings, why did you do it?
How do we convince the normies to sort by new?
Religious and former religious people of reddit, how do you feel about blasphemy?
What non-sexual thoughts have distracted you during sex ?
Gamers of reddit, with 2019 soon comming to an end, what do yall think is the best game of the 2010s?
Would you lie down and let a dozen cute fluffy happy affectionate purring kittens crawl all over you and find a comfortable spot to fall asleep right now? Why or why not?
How do you eat your Oreos?
What movie scene scarred you as a child?
What do you love/hate about your country?
What is a movie you find terrible but critics seem to love?
What Show/Movie Did You Hate So Much But Still Had To Finish?
What is your favorite word(s) ?
How real are you?
Men who frequent strip clubs- Why?
Philadelphia is considering opening a site where drug users can go to legally use drugs. They would be monitored by medical professionals who would administer anti-overdose medication as needed. Medical professionals, how would you feel about having this job?
Pet owners of reddit, what is the biggest flex your pet attempted?
People who work in law enforcement, what is work like right now?
What’s something crazy you’ve experienced, but no one believes you when talked about?
What was your greatest Hagrid "I SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID THAT" moment?
What have you unintentionally set on fire?
Whats a joke so stupid that it funny?
Hiring managers of Reddit, what was something on someone’s CV/resume that made you either immediately want to hire them or immediately reject them?
How would you feel about a ban of “your username ” questions on the sub?
If people were like Pokémon and could only say their name, what would be the most useful name to have?
What video game made your childhood?
Very attractive people of Reddit, how has your life changed while wearing a mask?
In the U.S. we have Schools of Law, Medicine, Business, etc. How would you feel about the creation of “Schools of Community Service” that offer advanced degrees and, the completion of which, would be a prerequisite for careers in Law Enforcement?
For people who keep asking AskReddit why you up-vote posts but don't answer the questions, why do you do this?
What is your favorite beverage?
People from ghetto/inner city neighborhoods, what shocked you when you went to your middle class friend's house?
What’s something that you were taught as a child that you later realized was completely untrue?
What is something you are good at, but for a reason you aren't necessarily proud of?
Why do you have trust issues?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the biggest case of "faking it" you've ever seen?
What are the best subreddits that are 100% non-political?
What is your favourite videogame and why?
What are some weird and unexpected food combinations that are actually amazing together?
What memorable thing happened at your home during the lockdown?
What kink did you think you had, until you tried it? [NSFW]
If God judged your worthiness to enter the pearly gates of Heaven based on your search history, how would your first conversation with Satan go?
What song would be weird to hear during a wedding?
Redditors who left Scientology, why did you leave?
What’s a song that so funky, it makes you say “damn, that’s funky”?
War Veterans of Reddit;what's one thing war movies get wrong?
[NSFW] What unexpectedly turned you on?
What song is in your head right now?
What is your strongest held opinion?
Consumers of Reddit, What is something a business will do that will instantly turn you away from doing business with them?
If all humans are naked, would we be more horny or less horny and why?
Introverts of reddit, what makes you come out of your shell?
With all the power of the internet at their fingertips, genuinly *how* can people still be racist?
What is the best oxymoron you know?
Who's your celebrity look-alike?
What's way more dangerous than most people think?
When watching a movie/TV program, what accent can you never understand/need subtitles for, and what accent to you find really easy to understand but confuses others?
Reddit is the “front page of the internet”; if you could change the slogan, what would you change it to?
What unusual/unique units of measurement did you mentally use as a child to make sense of the world?
Girls who 'are not like other girls' what makes you special?
Photographers of Reddit: What is the most outrageous photo shoot request you have received from an Instagram "influencer"?
What is the most compelling example against “a few bad apples spoil the bunch”?
Non-politicians, how would you feel about limiting all members of congress to an hourly wage of $14.50 (double the federal minimum wage) and holding them accountable to a minimum of 40 hours of work per week?
People from that one post in AskReddit, what is your opinion on sorting by new?
How would you feel about the legalization of sex work in the US?
What is an odd behaviour of yours you think only you do?
What is a phrase that, no matter, who says it, pisses you off to no end?
You are in prison and need to escape, you only have what is within ten feet of you irl to use, how would you escape?
[serious] What was your biggest ‘we need to leave... Now!’ moment?
Where do you make friends after college and outside of work?
People who actually got married on an "if we're both still single when we're 35 we'll get married" deal...what's your story?
People of reddit, what was the most NSFW event you ever stumbled upon in high school?
What's your favourite thing to say when you're angry?
What phrases are you really sick of hearing?
The Pope slapped a woman on day 1 of 2020, world war III is trending on day 2, what will happen on day 3?
You discover a north korean space fortress on the dark side of the moon. What do you do?
The closest orange object is the cause of your death - how do you die?
What is your favorite mistranslated saying?
What would your favorite movie be re-names if it starred a t-Rex?
What is the best reply to ‘You aren’t funny’?
What's something that terrifies you but wouldn't make a good horror movie?
How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub?
People who understand Chinese/Japanese, what's the dumbest thing you've seen tattooed on someone?
Gamers of reddit, which game made you cry after you finished it?
What exactly are you NOT willing to do for five million dollars?
You've been kidnapped. You can call on one fictional character to make a rescue attempt. Whom do you pick?
What was your reaction the first time someone called you "sir" or "ma'am"?
What are the best first words to say for the first woman to walk on the moon?
People who voted for Clinton in 2016 but are intending to vote for Trump in 2020 what made you change your mind?
You choose a superpower, but every time you activate it you turn into a pig. What is it?
What did you notice rewatching your childhood movies as an adult?
Philosophers of Reddit: Why?
People who live outside the US, what do you think of what’s currently going on in the US?
Say you won a 2 week tour package with rooms, accomodations, and transportation taken care of for anywhere you choose, if the virus wasnt an issue, where would you go?
What do you love to cook?
What underrated albums do you consider to be one of the best of all time?
What is something you have seen/done that doesn't seem morally right, but is 100% legal?
Military personnel of reddit, what were you doing when Constantinople needed you?
People who lost their virginity consensually, what happened leading up to it?
What were you most shocked to find out was a practical effect and not CGI?
Which word do you think people should start saying more?
What's the worst thing to say to the person next to you in a urinal?
What is the worst possible thing you can think of regarding rule 34?
What stays on during sex?
What movie have you seen countless times but still get excited when it comes on?
[Serious] Is a person with a micropenis morally obligated to tell their potential sex partners beforehand that they have a micropenis? Why?
What is truly the most annoying sound in the world?
What seems easy until you try it?
If "Bullshit" means fake and "Batshit" means crazy what do the other "shits" of the animal kingdom mean?
Reddit, what's your hang up?
Whats something you thought was common knowledge but actually isn’t?
People of Reddit, what are some of the stupidest rules that are made because of corona in your country?
What jobs don't exist now but will in 40 years?
What's something you absolutely refuse to wear and why?
What ruins a movie for you?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something that you wish everyone knew about their body?
What is an insult that sounds like a compliment?
People who dressed up as clowns and lurked in woods or fields in 2016, why?
What do you think about when you look up at the night sky?
People who can speak multiple languages: what language do you think in?
Parents of reddit: what are your kids currently attempting to hide from you?
All You can eat buffet workers what are your horror stories?
How often do you reuse (shower) towels before washing them?
Teachers who have had to clean out students lockers, what’s the worst/weirdest/grossest thing you’ve found in them?
Redditors, who are not in love with their SOs, why are you still with them?
What is a dangerous misconception?
What fictional character would be the worst to have sex with?
What's more awkward than staying at a friend's house and waking up before them?
What's the greatest accomplishment done while under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol?
What is the worst country you've ever visited?
What's the most epic plot twist in the human history ?
What's one piece of advice that you would give to your younger self?
Mosquitos have been (mostly) the same for roughly 45 million years. What other modern day species have remained virtually unchanged for millennia?
What’s your favourite Movie soundtrack?
What's something really cool that the human body does that we take for granted?
What food made you think how the frick did our ancestors found out this was edible?
What awful thing did your "so called friend" do to you?
Kim Jong Un has been captured by the UN and you are responsible for sentencing him. What is his punishment?
Paranormal believers of reddit, what made you believe? (Serious)
Doctors who have been in an “is anybody here a doctor?” situation, what happened?
We have celebrity chefs and celebrity doctors. What’s the next big celebrity profession?
You are assigned to name a new flavor of ice cream based on your mood. What your ice cream name?
What "pro tip" would you like to give to the opposite sex?
What's the first thing you are going to do in hell?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite funny video that is 15 seconds in length or less?
What line, phrase, or lyric do you often quote to yourself that nobody would recognize?
What are some facts that are useless but still fun to know?
What's the best way you've found to get back into a normal sleep schedule?
Redditors who have gone viral for the wrong reason (fight videos, public freakouts, etc.), what happened and what’s your side of the story?
You have just been teleported 10 feet to the left. How does that change your current situation?
Autopsy doctors of Reddit, what was the biggest revelation you had to a person's death after you carried out the procedure?
How big is it?
What is lame when you’re young, but cool when you’re older?
What's the best way to wake up someone who gets extremely irritated and angry if you disturb them in their sleep?
What’s something about you that you think nobody can relate to?
What is the coolest skill to have in your opinion?
What is a popular yet uncommonly known comfort food where you’re from?
How could 2020 possibly get worse?
What interesting hobbies or interests have you picked up since the lockdown?
Do you think life has a meaning? If yes, what is it? If no, why not?
What ISN’T going to happen in 2020?
What thing is not accepted to talk about in US?
What’s something people do that doesn’t break any laws but breaks the “laws” of common courtesy?
People who have experienced Hyper-hydration (water overdose), what symptoms did you experience and how did it happen?
What music did you listen to while growing up?
What was the dumbest thing you thought as a child?
If you were immortal and couldn't get injured/sick, what would you do?
People who overcame depression, how did you do it? (Serious)
Why to motorcycle drivers/passengers choose not to wear a helmet and/or armor, even though it is legally not required to to do?
What is a misconception about your job that you want to clear up?
What single phrase, regardless of who says it, instantly pisses you off?
Parents of reddit, what's it like having a "toxic" child?
What is, in your opinion, the most useless school subject?
What's something that society generally accepts as normal, but when you think about it, is actually very strange?
What's the worst fandom?
What’s the craziest reason you had to fire someone?
[Serious] Does staying off social media improve your mental health? Why or why not?
Fire FIghters of reddit whats the dumbest person you had to save in a stupid situation?
What movie scene was so cringeworthy it physically hurt you that was supposed to be serious?
Gynecologists and urologist, how has your profession affected your sex life?
What is something you're terrible at but wish you could do well?
What is your current favourite youtube channel?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done?
Redditors, who’s the first celebrity you were sexually attacted to, and what made that person attractive ?
What are your best anime recommendations ?
What the f*** are you supposed to do when the having happy birthday sung to you?
What are some "too good to be true" stories?
What if all settlements for police brutality came out of the police union pension fund? Doesn't solve the problem, but wouldn't it be an effective first step to encourage true self-regulation?
Students of Reddit, what was the reason for why one of your teacher's had a breakdown during class?
What's a really awkward situation that everyone can relate with?
If we could Crtl+Alt+Delete and open Task Manager on ourselves, what would we find running in the background?
[Serious] lawyers, what's a case you regretted winning ?
Who is the actor or celebrity in general that you can’t even watch or listen to without cringing?
What is the most bothersome personality trait(s) you have?
Pet rock owners of reddit, which is the best rock for a beginner ?
What’s the worst financial decision you’ve ever made and how did it affect you in the long term?
What's a useful alternative to self-harming?
How do you beat someone who can see into the future? They can see 5 hours in the future and it only takes them a second. They remember every detail and the can see what goes on while they sleep?
What’s a movie you wish you could see again as if it’s the first time?
What was the best news you ever received?
What animal do you think best represents your personality?
What would you be if you were a car?
Who was your first crush?
What is your favorite one hit wonder?
(Serious) What is something that traumatized you as a kid?
People of Reddit, what little thing pisses you off to no end?
What's a place that seems fine during the day but gets really creepy at night?
What's something you can say to your pet but not say to a person?
What are some popular conspiracy theories that have been proved?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is a detail that your client failed to bring up to you that completely lost you the case?
What is a smell that reminds you of your childhood and why?
What opinions do you hide because it goes against those of your family, friends or coworkers?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing to happen to you when you’ve been home alone?
If your username is the answer, what is the question?
Criminals of Reddit: what is your plan when you break into a house and see a naked man running straight towards you?
[Serious] Ex Prisoners of reddit, who was the most evil person there, and what did they do that was so bad?
People of reddit, what made you hate a teacher?
What was a great thing ruined by popularity?
What gift never goes wrong?
What’s a major incident that happened in your school?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What smells aromatically good but taste like shit?
What was sexy 10 years ago but isn't now?
what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?
what is the best insult you can give a person without using any swear words?
What is your favorite insult of all time?
If you drink a 12 pack of beer every day for a month, and keep your job, you get a million dollars. What's your strategy?
What famous event did you witness firsthand?
What is something that is cringe unless you're a pro?
What is the saddest D.C villains origin story?
What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
Do you watch anime in subs or dub? What's more preferable?
Mechanics of Reddit what is the strangest issue with a motor vehicle?
What phone are you using, and why do you like it?
What commercial will be forever stuck in your head?
What song/s would be in the soundtrack to your life?
What brands or companies are actually evil?
would you date someone you have to work with almost every day in close proximity? why?
Confucius once said “We all have two lives, the second one starts when you realise you only have one”. When and why did your second life begin?
How did you you ignore the two "yous"?
What age did you get married?
What 'saying' makes you lose brain cells?
People who downloaded their Google data and went through it, what were the most unsettling things you found out they had stored about you?
How do you get attractive?
What’s something you love about yourself?
Sweet Teeth of Reddit, what is your favorite sweet thing to snack on?
When is 4 seconds too long?
If life was a video game, what are your current stats?
Have you ever had a dream in which someone taught you something you did not know? If so, what was the dream, and what were you taught?
What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
What your most embarrassing moment letting a fart out?
Why and how people play video games 12 hours per day and have money to buy in game currency?
What’s something you can say both during sex and at a drive thru window?
If you could tell Donald Trump anything what would you say?
What wouldn't you do for someone you love?
How do you think the world would react if a major political leader, (like Trump, the Queen, or Kim Jong-un,) died of Covid-19?
What's your biggest First World problem?
What is the most scary fact you know?
Teachers of reddit, do you notice depressed students, if so, how?
What’s the weirdest thing you saw someone at school do?
What is your favorite movie quote?
So Reddit, why no emojis?
What's a grocery item that you'll only buy from a specific brand, regardless of price, because it's the absolute best in its category?
What do you think is scarier, the idea that we are alone in the universe or the idea that we aren’t? Why?
People who watched Malcolm in the Middle, when you think of the show do you also think of Blink-182?
Software Engineers of Reddit. What is the most surprising or impressive thing did you come across in production code?
What’s something exceptional about you that you didn’t realize until later in life? [Serious]
Which quote is most improved by tacking "here, in the middle of this Olive Garden" to the end of it?
Former homeless people of reddit, what can we do to help homeless people the most?
What's your favorite note taking app?
Redditors who sort by new, why do you do it?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done for money?
Coders of Reddit, how do you politely refuse your friend's 'million dollars app idea'?
What's your favorite movie quote?
Your username tells you how you die. How are you dying?
When did you realise you weren't in love, you were just an idiot?
What Star Wars planet would you want to go to the most?
Those of you who are listening to music while scrolling, what are you listening to?
What is a unique phobia you have?
Redditors who write "sorry, English is not my first language" on perfectly eloquent posts, how did you get so good at English?
What screams "I have zero self confidence" ?
What are you not?
Dear Redditors, what advice would you give to someone trying to forget something that makes them feel upset, embarrassed, or angry?
What's a popular fruit you hate?
Dear redditers of reddit: why do you use reddit?
What song makes you cry like a baby each time you hear it?
What's the worst way to break up with someone?
If you got a dollar for every person of the opposite sex who found you unattractive, how would you make sure you got all $3.5 billion?
What thing about society makes you disappointed?
What’s the most fun you can have with $20?
What is your nickname?
Your best friend is faking being asleep and you need them up. What do you say out loud to trick them into "waking up"?
What useless skill do you have?
Which subreddit has steered the furthest from its original course?
What's the most poetic way you can say "I'm hungry."?
Former prisoners of reddit how are you trying to change?
what is something you find sexy about a man or woman?
What "healthy" food is actually way more unhealthy than most people think?
What's the difference between a Chad, and a Kyle?
What are you in the 1% of?
What is one cartoon that did not deserve to be canceled?
How tight are you?
Out of the 7.7 billion people on Earth, what do you think no one is doing right now?
People who don't cuddle after sex, why?
What’s something you should never google?
Parents who have disowned or genuinely stopped loving your child - what happened?
What is Reddit good at?
What books should one read before they die?
You have an infinite amount of money what's the first thing you buy?
What song lyrics you wished you didn't understood because the lyrics dilutes the greatness of the music in it?
What’s a word you pronounced wrong well into adulthood?
You're at a job interview. You get the "what is your biggest weakness?" question. What is your answer?
What actor/actress instantly ruins a movie for you?
What are some signs that a "friend" isn't truly your friend?
Given how half the year has been, what are your predictions for rest of the year?
Swear words are people. What do they dress like?
What would have been good advice in 1990 that would be terrible advice in 2020?
Ask a question and then make the response look terrible by editing the question. How bad can this end up?
How do you find new songs similar to music you like?
If you were very rich, what things would you absolutely NOT buy?
If you had a pullstring in your back, what would some of your phrases be?
The Reddit Talent show is open. What is your performance?
[serious] Reddittors who recovered from Covid19, how are you now? What was it like?
Therapists of Reddit, what are some of your ‘success story’ patients?
What would be the worst names for twins?
When did you know it was time to end a relationship?
If life had a loading screen, what game tips would it display?
What is the answer to 9+10?
What is the wierdest movie title you have ever heard?
What would be included in a Premium version of sleep?
What did you buy pre-Corona that is now useless?
What is your default thought? When you are bored, what is the first thing you tend to fantasize about?
What is a "good problem to have"?
You’re picking up someone from middle school. What absolute banger do you pull up blaring to embarrass them mercilessly?
What is your favorite song (in general)?
What’s your worst encounter with a male Karen?
Who is basically a real life version of a fictional characters?
The last text you sent is what you scream when you're about to cum. What is it?
During a customer phone call this morning, I heard someone in the background say, "...and then my drunk ass jumped on a flamingo..." right when the call ended. What do you think the rest of the story was?
Pornhub premium members of reddit, was the purchase worth it and what are the benefits and downsides to it?
Dear Reddit, when do you know to walk away from a relationship?
What was your proudest gaming moment?
What is something you enjoyed as a kid, but hate as an adult?
What is a cause of death you certainly don’t want to die from?
(Serious) People who were the victim of friendship bullying, what were some of the horrible things that your ‘friends’ did to you? And how long did it take to finally walk out of it?
[NSFW] What happens in real life sex that you never see in porn ?
How would your brain perceive a situation where you took both of your eyes balls out of their sockets and pointed them at each other?
What small thing pisses you off more than usual?
What could you make with the objects currently in your room?
Reddit, what's become clear to you as you've gotten older?
Do you think that women should be free to walk around topless in public places, just as men can? Why?/why not?
What things should people never Google?
What is considered cute when done by a kid but illegal when done by an adult?
What are some NSFW history facts that Don't get taught in school ?
Zookeepers of Reddit, how are the animals acting differently now that there are no visitors to the zoo?
What are good sunglasses people may not know that can get that aren’t owned by Luxottica?
What was the worst casting decision in any TV show/movie?
What caused your friendship to end?
What made you fall in love with your significant other?
Do you feel frustrated by the lack of empathy and emotional intelligence in people around you? How do you cope?
From the top of your head, who are the first 5 fictional females you can think of?
What's a skill you have that you cannot put in your CV?
If Antman was in your butthole how big would you let him get before asking him to stop?
What is something you spend a ton of money on that the vast majority of people never would?
Which fictional death hit you the hardest?
What’s your favorite thing about Tumblr?
Middle-aged men of Reddit: Why do you insist on revving your lawnmower at the crack of dawn while everyone is still sleeping?
Has anyone ever got an answer from Delilah on how it was in New York City?
What's a name you can give an animal but not a human?
How do you pee with a boner?
What's your go to happy song?
Now that quarintine is coming to an end for the select few and more, what are some habits or practices you hope to keep doing from now on?
What weird things do you do when you look in the mirror?
Around 5% of the ocean has been discovered. What do you think is out there that we haven't seen yet?
What do people think is healthy but really isn’t?
You are in a cage match with your username. What happens?
What was your “is this bitch serious” moment?
If you could have sex with a clone of yourself would you do it? Why and why not?
Redditors who just basically "jerked off" through college, hows life right now?
What are something that are definitely way overpriced?
Should the USA place a "fat tax" on sugary drinks and junk food to combat obesity why or why not?
What’s the worst physical pain you’ve ever been in?
What rock band do you want to see really bad live?
What’s a video game/board game you loved when you were younger, but now you think was just bad?
How do you reply to 'Why are you so quiet?'
Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
What’s a very disturbing fact that almost no one knows?
For those who have used it since the year it launched (1991), what was the internet like in the first 3-4 years of its existence?
Why are you still not in a relationship?
Why do you clap when the airplane lands?
What is the worst food to eat room temperature?
When did you move out of your parents house and how did you support yourself?
[Serious] Non-Americans, what do you think of the protests in the U.S. right now? What kind of media coverage about them is there in your country?
Parents of reddit: How do you feel when your kid brings back a girlfriend/boyfriend? How do you decide whether you like them or not?
People who are / have been homeless, what was the first night without a home like, and how did you adapt to your new situation?
What are you super nerdy about?
What movie had the best unexpected ending ?
Everyone who ever was US president appears in your house. How would you react to all those previously dead guys?
Who do you consider to be the “scum of the earth”?
What's the stupidest/weirdest title for a book, movie, TV show, or game you've ever seen?
What are some tips you would give to a graduating high school student?
How do you know that you are not a failure?
People who like the Emoji Movie. WHY?
Housekeepers who worked in casinos/hotels, what's the weirdest thing you walked into?
How do you sleep? Music, blankets, fan, naked, etc. What gets you comfy?
What meal did you cook that went horribly wrong and what did you do to recover it?
Homeowners of Reddit, when you bought your home how did you know it was “the one”?
What raises your happiness instantly, no matter how many times it happends?
Police dispatchers of Reddit, What are some of your best "You don't call 911 for this..." calls?
How do you like your coffee?
People born in the time of the internet, what don't you understand about the before times?
What are some unwritten rules of Reddit?
If you could write a message and send it off to sea in a bottle, what would you write?
Who has the most subs on YouTube?
What's the most insane thing a human has survived?
What conspiracy theory do you believe in the MOST?
Which compliment actually made you feel insecure?
What's it like to have a penis?
What is the most hilariously inaccurate 'fact' someone has told you?
Is there anyone on here that has had covid-19 &amp; survived, if so what was it like??
What is/would be the female version of getting a boner in a public area?
What is the secret to a happy life?
What are the best exercise songs?
You have an Instagram account with 1 billion followers. Your goal is to post something that is nonpolitical, non-hateful, nonviolent, and nonsexual in order to get the largest number of people to unfollow you, without explicitly encouraging them, for any reason, to unfollow you. What do you post?
What songs are in your “sad” playlist?
What could be either an insult or a compliment depending on the context?
peeps of reddit what's the most awkward situation you've been in and how did you get out of it?
If HBO's Chernobyl was a series with a new disaster every season, what event would you like to see covered?
New Zealand is officially covid free, as of today. What's your reaction?
If we are all living in the human body version 1.0, what sort of updates would be expected for version 1.1?
What is the most extreme misuse of an everyday item you have ever witnessed?
What is something you hated as a kid but love as an adult?
Women of Reddit, who/what gives you a lady boner?
Former racists, what's your story?
What if 2020 is just a trailer of 2021 ?
People who have met their online friends, what made you instantly regret it?
Nurses and first responders of reddit. What is the most profound or odd thing a terminally ill patient has deemed important to tell you?
Which country is more open to accepting workers from other countries given you’ve the necessary experience and skills?
Parents who kiss their children on lips, why?
What seemed bad in the moment but turned out to be one of the best things to happen to you?
Which fictional charecter is an awesome role model?
If the 1920's were known as the "roaring twenties," what do you think the 2020's will be known for?
If you could give Donald Trump anything what would it be?
What lie did your parent/s tell you that you believed until you were older?
You’re in high school and if you can get your teacher to give you detention in 60 seconds or less you win $10,000. What do you do?
Hairstylists of Reddit... during the quarantine people have been cutting their own hair, now that we're visiting you again, what's your best repair/rescue story so far?
Why can't people just voice their opinions and have actual adult debates instead of them just being childish insult arguments and both sides leave more angry after the fact?
People of reddit, what is something you wish was normalised?
If someone says “I love you” but you’re not ready to say it back, how do you respond?
On the birth of your child, a demon appears and says, "Your child will be extraordinarily attractive, you shall receive $1 billion if they are a virgin at age 25, otherwise your soul and theirs will be mine". You cannot inform your child of any aspect of the deal. What is your plan?
People of Reddit, what do you think is the best possible advice you could give to an 18 year old teenager who just graduated high school?
How close have you been to death and what happened?
How do you train your mind not to worry what others may think of you?
What was the worst thing that you did/said while being angry?
People that get panic attacks, how is it like for you and what triggers it?
What can you wear to a costume party that is innocent, but has a backstory that will get it cancelled eventually?
If life was a video game what would be the worst time to lag?
People who love life why?
What is something you passionately hate and can complain about in length?
What a good tv series that can pass the time in, let’s say.... 14 days?
U are now immune to fall damage, what will u do?
At the end of his 4 year term, Trump goes on live TV and rips a mask off. Who/ what has he been the whole time?
78% of suicide rates world wide are men, what can we do to help them?
What should teenagers these days really start paying attention to as they’re about to turn 18?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit. What are some stories that lead to you crying with your patient?
Adult children of very lenient parents, do you wish your parents were more strict when you were young and what do you wish they had done differently?
Police Officers of Reddit, what are you thinking when you see cases like George Floyd?
Why do you like to be alive?
Non Greeks what is the first thing that comes in mind when you think of Greece?
If you had the power to duplicate anything you touch with your hands, what would you do?
Which YouTube channel completely lost its appeal when it “got big”?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
What does it feel like being older (40+) when you compare it to your twenties?
What are some goals for a teen to save money/coins?
You find a cockroach the size of an average fully-grown adult male under your bed. What's your plan?
What is your strange hobby?
Why should you NOT be the president?
[Serious] What are some seemingly normal images with disturbing backstories?
What’s that story you’ve never been able to tell?
Singles of Reddit, why are you single?
Facebook employees, How is it like working for facebook nowadays?
What was the most painful injury that happened to you in the past 6 months?
What movie opening scene made you emotional and movie and why?
What's your favourite Pokémon?
What's your favourite book you've read and why?
What are you supposed to do while happy birthday is being sung to you?
What is the physics behind sea surfing ?
What's your favorite food that's been discontinued?
What's a movie you LOVED as a kid but didn't hold up when you rewatched it as an adult?
[Serious] Redditor’s who live in secluded towns, what is the darkest thing that happened in your town but is kept secret?
What is your least favourite thing about Frozen 2?
How would you hide a body?
What says a lot about a person?
What improvements would you make to human genitals?
What is your favourite food?
What item left completely unprotected would people not steal?
What's a perfectly legal thing that'd get you killed if done 100 years ago or further?
if you were a Demon, what would you take instead of souls?
What video game series should get rebooted?
What is something that makes you say "Man, I f***ing hate people"?
What is something that is normalized in society when in reality is horrific?
What's the greatest movie that you'll never watch again?
What is something you severely dislike about Reddit?
What do you think about the Myka Stauffer drama? If you don't know she adopted a special needs kid from China had him for 2 years and made youtube videos about him and then she returned/rehomed him... ?
If you have the power to duplicate a thing, what would you make a copy of?
Teachers of Reddit, what is your funniest Zoom encounters with your class?
What do you do when you're depressed?
People who dumpster dive what is the most notable / weird thing you have ever found?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
What was your first encounter with utter bullshit during your childhood?
What is your favorite sone that you can't sing because it is not in your native language?
How have children’s shows gotten worse?
If "retirement" in the future means you donate your body and organs at age 40 but will be kept alive artificially in a perfectly simulated environment where you live worry-free, would you do it? Why or why not?
What's the fastest you've ever gone from caring about someone to straight up loathing them?
How would you feel about a show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook?
What do you think will be the concept of the next big social media giant?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
People from Alabama, how do you feel about the incest jokes?
What Video Game do you think deserves a remaster or a sequel?
[Serious] What can one person, in small town America, do to combat systemic racism?
Pirates and cowboys have been exaggerated, romanticized and immortalized in the realm of fiction. What sorts of professions of today will get the same treatment 100 years from now?
If you had the option right now to instantly gain 5 pounds of muscle, lose 10 pounds of fat, or stay the same, which would you choose and why?
What’s rewarding about being an adult?
What’s the best way to make your house smell incredible all the time?
Would you like a complement? If so why?
If Trump was running against Trump, what would he tweet about his opponent?
People from outside of America, what country are you from and in what ways does racism exist there?
If School was a game, what would be some loading screen tips ?
What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
Women of Reddit, what things that men do that still annoy or bewilder you to this day?
What is your favorite soundtrack from a game or movie?
Religious people of reddit, why is it common practice to refer to God as a “him” (not to be sexist or whatever), but wouldn’t it make more sense that God is not of either gender?
"Normal" redditors that dated a celebrity, what was it like?
Mark Zuckerberg announces that from now on Facebook page Will be asigned to person at theur birth and Facebook drones Will take selfie of a person every month to post it. How would you react?
[Serious]People who had a premonition that something terrible was going to occur and then it actually happened what is the story?
If you were arrested with no explanation what would your friends and family assume you had done?
It’s Saturday morning, you wake up in an alternate universe (Year 2020) in which race and religion have never been an issue, you step outside and grab the daily newspaper, what’s the headline?
How do you cope with the fact that we will all die someday, including yourself?
what is your favourite plant?
Reddit, what are some things one should do before they turn 30?
What's the one food item you can't wait to get your hands on right after getting groceries and fill up your fridge?
What the hell is wrong with you?
What is the scariest/most bizarre sleep paralysis you've had?
Who are the worst kinds of people?
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
What should everyone try at least once in their life? [Serious]
Redditors who had a crush or became in love with their best friend, what's your story?
In your country (kindly mention), what food dish is overrated? And what would you suggest for a tourist to eat instead?
What’s your Collin Robinson story?
Why do you believe in god?
What’s not actually as painful as it sounds?
People who dont express their feelings: What caused you to be like that?
[Serious] What TV show or movie did you love that would not see the light of day in 2020 because of its content?
What are some mind blowing facts about the human body?
If you could say one phrase for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you used a movie title to describe your sex life, what movie would you choose?
People often mistakenly say ‘a full 360’ when they really mean someone turning their behaviour only the opposite way. When have you actually seen/done a full 360 in your life?
What positive effects has the quarantine had for you?
What’s a movie you love but critics seem to hate?
[Serious] What was your first video game?
What TV shows do you all like? Can anybody recommend some?
What’s the weirdest thing you do when you’re totally alone?
People who have converted a van/bus into a camper, what do you wish you knew before you started?
What do you smash?
[nsfw] Males of Reddit, what’s the worst part about having a dick?
Why can’t you use steroids in sports, but you can use makeup in beauty contests?
Would you like to be very famous? Why or why not?
Frontline US healthcare workers, what do you think when you see the rest of the developed world criticising the US health system due to the cost to patients? Do you agree &amp; believe patients deserve universal healthcare, or do you think it’s right that patients should pay for their own treatment?
What does your username say about you?
What's the weirdest thing you've done, or seen people do, to stop a significant other from breaking up with them?
What is either amazing or completely sucks?
What was your “thank god nobody saw that” moment?
Have you ever stopped feeling attracted to someone after you realized how toxic that person was?
Which celebrity do you fear is mentally unstable?
What are some popular yet cringey jokes on reddit that you wish would take a rest for awhile?
D&amp;D Dungeon Masters of Reddit: What is the most useless magical item you've ever given your party and how did they use it?
People of reddit how do you feel about communism?
What is your biggest regret in life and what would you do differently if you could go back in time?
People who comment "First!" on Youtube videos, why?
What would you personally do with infinite money?
What role would you play in your group in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
How did you first find porn?
[serious] People with confirmed below-average intelligence, how has your intelligence affected your life experience, and what would you want the world to know about what it’s like to be you?
What's the least practical sport to play naked ?
whats your favourite drug?
What products would a KAREN themed website sell or promote?
Actors and Actresses, what is filming a sex scene like ?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing your child has done in public?
What will be the very last job that is taken over by robots?
What is the most useless piece of information you know off the top your head?
is finding sitting on the floor comforting normal when you’re sad?
What's the weirdest life hack you have ever tried/heard of?
What relationship advice can you give to a man in his first relationship?
What's something that used to be illegal but now isn't?
What's the best candy bar?
You have 30 minutes to hide a USB drive in your house. Your house will then be raided by police, detectives and some FBI agents all searching for the USB. Where do you hide it so that it won’t be found?
What is something every virgin should know about sex?
If you had a pet dragon, what would you name it?
Imagine that some stranger on the street suddenly pointing a gun at your head. What are you gonna do?
Imagine having a reverse Yelp where we rate customers on their attitudes, manners, and how well they tip. What review would you leave?
If we have casual sex, that means that ranked competitive sex exists. What are the different ways you can earn points or multipliers?
Why wasn't peace an option for the goose?
What are obvious signs that show that you're attractive?
Police officers of Reddit, how do you cope with the protests happening right now?
What do you do to protect yourself from data collection and privacy related vulnerabilities?
What was your worst animal-caused injury?
What brand are you loyal to and why?
You just got an offer for $600K...but to collect it, you gotta have sex with the main character of the last tv show you watched. Who will it be?
How long do you think it will be until a reddit post hits 1 million upvotes for the first time? And what will the post be?
[Serious] Blind people of Reddit, what is your favourite movie?
What's the worst possible way the world could end?
What was one moment that shit hit the fan?
Do you like sex and why?
Who was your most famous ancestor? [serious]
Satan opens up a lighter version of Hell called 'Heck'. What kinds of torture are in it?
To those who drive around in their car with their mask on... why?
Sex workers of reddit, who was the grossest customer you’ve had?
What was your best game as a child?
What is something that works in real-life but not in movies?
2020 will be known for one thing and one thing only, all other details will be swept under the rug by historians. What major event of this year do you want to be remembered?
in what way can you describe your country?
What celebrity can you not stand whatsoever?
911, what's your emergency?
What video game should get a sequel, but likely never will ?
What would you say if your future/current child came out as LGBTQ+ to you?
What's really outdated yet still widely used?
What will you never do, even if it costs you your life?
What book fucked you up mentally?
Students who have dropped out of school, why did you decide that choice?
Your username represents what happens in July 2020. How fucked is the world?
What is the funniest misuse of a word you have ever heard?
What did your doctor get wrong?
Cosplayers, what’s one cosplay you will never do again and why?
What’s a little thing you do to make the world a better place?
What do you like about yourself?
[Serious] What is stopping you from killing yourself?
What's something strange your body does that you know isn't quite right but also isn't quite serious enough to get checked out by a doctor?
What is your dream way of dying?
Mechanics of Reddit, what’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen someone do to their vehicle?
What is a viable replacement for police? Why would it work?
People who fix bad tattoos, what is the funniest/worst story of a bad tattoo?
What color Skittle is the best?
Sociopaths/Psychopaths can you tell when you come across one of your kind ?
If you could make 1 law for the entire planet, what would it say?
Do you actually read the whole post?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
If you were a celebrity, what would you get cancelled for?
What is a movie that after you finished watching it, you went "Oh shit" then went back and watched it again to pick up on everything you missed?
What is something you can say during sex, and at a drive-thru window?
Your 2020 President slogan is you last sent text. What is your slogan?
What is the most bizarre thing that happened in your town?
What do you miss the most about being a kid?
What’s the most pointless thing you can buy?
What is your "guess I can't go into that store ever again" story?
Movie theater employees, what was the worst attempt of kids trying to get into an “R” rated movie?
Redditors with experience in taking LSD, what is something you wish you knew before trying it out for the first time?
Which song gives you the most calm vibes?
Instead of giving presents, Santa now puts things that you lost, or were stolen from you, under the tree. What would you be the most excited to see under the tree?
What’s your pet peeve?
How much alcohol do you consume in a typical week?
What is the most "Fuck you" moment that you ever received from the writers while reading a book/ seeing a movie/series?
Which villain do you identify with and why?
People of Reddit, When is one time you have felt genuine, 100% fear?
You are now the Wizard of the last thing you looked up. What are you the Wizard of?
What two games, when combined, would make the best game ever?
You wake up after being unplugged from the matrix with Morpheus and Trinity standing over you. They only refer to you by your Reddit username. What was the machines’ plan for your character?
What is a “fun” medical procedure?
What is a life changing move that you'd make in a heartbeat? Why?
If you took two completely different subreddits and combined them, what would the resulting subreddit be?
If 2020 were a show, what would its theme song be?
What sport would be a million times better if all the players were drunk?
English teachers, what topic on a “write about anything” essay made you lose hope in humanity?
What are some perfect or near-perfect 10/10 films?
What’s a tv show that you feel went too long?
What would you do if your SO turned into a pig overnight?
what are some insecurities of the opposite gender that you think they shouldn't be insecure about ?
What do you wish was illegal?
What are some shows/games/movies/series etc. that you have to be paying real close attention to to understand what’s going on?
If you had the power to stop time and start it back at will, what’s the first thing you’d do?
People who own dogs who bark themselves into exhaustion every day for no damn reason......how we ganna fix this?
What turns you off the most about a person?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
What is your go-to song to test new headphones?
What was a sketchy cheap buy, that ended up being one of your best purchases?
Quiet talking then REALLY LOUD SOUND EFFECTS - Why was it acceptable in the 90's to release movies with such horrible sound mixing?
What makes a movie good?
What do you want for Christmas?
How does your religious beliefs affect your morals?
What do you think is something completely normalized in society that shouldn’t be?
What do you hope never changes?
If you died the exact same way as the last time you died in a video game, what would your death be?
What is the most Bullshit reason for a teacher to give you a bad grade ?
[Serious] People who quit drinking alcohol, how significant of an impact did it have on your mental health?
What's something made worse by being naked?
People sentenced in the 80s-2000s what modern world change shocked you the most?
What is one of the dumbest things you've done when your brain was on "auto-pilot"?
[Serious] Students of Reddit who had a sexual relationship with a teacher, how did it start and how did it turn out?
Who is that one YouTuber who annoys the s*** out of you and why?
When you sneeze and someone says "bless you", you gain the "blessed" status buff for the next 20 minutes. What does it do?
The last thing you Googled is what kills you. how would you die?
If Lasagna is just a Pasta cake, and ketchup is just tomatoes smoothie, what other food alternative names that you can think of?
Men of reddit, what the heck do you want for your birthday?
If N. Korea remade Hollywood movies with Kim Jong-Un as the lead, what would be the best movie?
Artists of reddit, what do you usually draw for fun?
What food, from your country are you ashamed of and why ?
What's the deepest Wikipedia hole you've fallen into?
Sign language Users of reddit. What is a common sign you see people do without being aware they are doing it?
Girls of Reddit: What is the creepiest thing a man has said to you in public?
Serious or not, what is something a person said to you that has stayed with you forever?
Parents of Reddit, why are you disappointed in your adult child?
If you could change one thing about your upbringing what would it be and why ?
Parents who had their kid run away, whats your story?
You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 1000 years - would you accept and what would you do?
What’s something $100 or less but is a total game changer? [serious]
What’s something a teacher told you that you initially ignored, but later in life stuck with you?
What is the smartest marketing you've ever seen?
Your username is the way you will die. How do you go out?
In a work of fiction, what type of situation/setting would allow for a male hero to punch a female villain and the audience would be okay with it?
If you could submit 1 question to the next Presidential debate without knowing which person would read it, What would your question be?
What's a question you asked on this subreddit but never got an answer for?
Women of reddit, what are your honest opinions on giving BJs? How much do you actually enjoy giving them?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
What's a delicious cheap meal that you love eating?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don’t get the point of?
What's something that sounds horrible, but is actually pleasurable once you try it?
You have 10 minutes to show someone from 1995 stuff on your phone to blow their mind as much as possible, what do you show them?
What are some signs of a dying group chat?
What is the greatest food sin you've seen someone commit?
What is your 10/10 movie?
What supplies or items should every household have in case of a large-scale emergency?
People who said as a kid “I can’t wait till I’m an adult“ hows life?
If you could bring life to one inanimate object just so you could kill it, what would you choose?
Perfect movies don't exist, but which movie do you feel has the perfect ending?
What is product that you use frequently that is marketed to the opposite sex?
How can we (realistically) and seriously fix the racial issues (etc) going on with police right now?
What video game are you currently playing?
What does it feel like to get nutted in?
People of reddit, what is an example of a question that also functions as its own answer?
What is by far, the best type of button?
what is your favorite movie of all time?
Who do you miss?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What do you do to make a living, but make it scary?
Which fictional character did you fall for?
What was the cruelest thing you have done to a Sim in the Sims?
My ex used to put a server's tip on the edge of the table and tell the server they'd remove money when the server messed up. What's the stupidest "power move" you've ever seen someone do?
PornHub Fans have you ever hit that Share on Facebook button and why?
What is something other people do that bothers you?
Which movie of our generation will live on to become a 'classic' for future generations?
What's some good music to listen to when sad?
what are the downsides of weed that people don't talk about ?
With all of the hate, sorrow, and anger in this world right now, what is that one thing that keeps you going?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever fallen asleep?
What is ALWAYS a bad idea?
If you could stop time for as long as you want, what would you do?
What is the worst classic literature you have read?
What is something about yourself that sounds totally made up but is 100% real?
How would you feel about a ‘None of the above’ option in elections. If that option wins, the election will be held again with new candidates?
What is something about yourself that you won't tell people in person, but that you'll share with strangers on the internet?
What video game has the most justified in-game save system?
What does the number 11:11 signify?
You become a jedi what do you do?
What movie things are generally accepted as normal, but are totally unrealistic in real life?
[Serious] How would you restructure law enforcement?
What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
People who have been in a relationship with a conjoined twin, how did things work in the bedroom?
What’s your opinion on ask Reddit?
What did a school teacher say that stuck with you?
How do you stop comparing yourself to other people?
What non-porn searches do you use incognito mode for?
What's your favorite quote from a movie?
What solutions can video game companies implement to deal with the misogyny and racism that is rampant in open chat comms (vs. making it the responsibility of the targeted individual to mute/block)?
What’s something most people can do that you can’t?
What has happened to you personally that has made you doubt "reality" in the sense that we may or may not be in a simulation?
What moment made you realize that you are not a kid anymore?
(Serious) The UK has left the European Union, if you voted Brexit, why? How will it benefit you personally?
You are meeting your new boyfriend/girlfriends parents at their house for dinner for the first time. Your new bf/gf leaves to go to the bathroom. What do you say to their parents to create a maximum level of awkwardness for the rest of the evening before they come back from bathroom?
Sex Shop and Sex Workers of Reddit: What are some of the best examples or clients not knowing how anatomy/sex works?
People who separated/divorced within one year of getting married: When did you know it was a mistake?
Why are you sad?
What's something that pisses you off instantly?
LGBT religious people, how do you reconcile your identity and your religion?
[Serious] People who overcame the difficulty of gaining a healthy amount of weight,How'd you do it?
Apple's app store art, such as in the "Our favorites" section, often features bulky/misshapen depictions of humans that are anecdotally not pleasing to look at. Why do they pick this stylistic choice?
What is the quickest way to get fired?
People with lots of freckles, what comments do you get about it?
In 10,000 years when our failed civilization is discovered by archeologists, how will they interpret LEGOS?
On his death bed, Kim Jong Un named you as next Supreme Leader of North Korea. What’s your move?
People who fell in love with their best friend, how did it work out?
What is the most painful way to die?
What are some things that are fun in the beginning but get extremely boring after a while?
You are now Fire resistant, what do you do?
What do you choose to be successful in life Smart work or Hardwork?
Do you take Libertarians seriously? Why or why not?
What's the worst "we're in this together" ad you've come across during this pandemic?
What animated character do you find attractive?
What was your first time playing Minecraft like?
If you're BILL GATES for a day, What will you do?
What’s something people do with celebrities that would be absolutely creepy if they did it with general people?
What is your passion?
What are some good shows on Hulu to binge in quarantine?
What's the most overrated thing in your opinion?
What is something most people need to hear but no one has the guts to tell people?
If you have a scar, how did you get it?
What would a "Mac vs. PC" commercial talk about today?
Those who always call instead of text, why?
If you have given the chance to start your life over at age 11 right now, but still keep all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
Atheists of reddit,what made you become an atheist?
What is the saddest episode of a TV show?
How do you get under a younger brother’s skin?
People from Reddit, what is that insecurity that you feel like nobody gets?
Women of reddit, what are your instant turn offs?
What is the worst possible time to say, "I'm Batman"?
If games like Grand Theft Auto cause violence and the board game Monopoly causes Capitalist exploitation, what problems do other popular games cause?
If your mom had the ability to change one thing about your life today, what would it be?
You are in a shelter with the last 5 remaining humans, what would be the worst way to start a conversation?
What drug did you take once and thought “nope, never again”?
Movie studios often remake great films that are difficult to improve upon but what if they did the opposite? What bad film could be made into a great film if it were to be remade?
What can those who don’t live in Hong Kong do to support the protesters fighting for freedom?
Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him?
What is the most absurd act of racism you have ever seen or encountered ?
What is a way to measure the distance to an object (10-30m) outside your house, without leaving your house?
What flaw do you accept about your significant other that would be a deal breaker for many?
[Serious] Bully victims of Reddit, when was one time they took it too far?
How do you think humans will become extinct?
How do you get to know someone without constantly asking questions?
What is a lie you were told growing up?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the scariest thing that you ever saw on the streets? [NSFW]
What makes you irrationally angry?
Hey Reddit, When did your “Somethings not right here” gut Feeling ever save you?
The Entire World is hunting you down for 24 hours, and you get 5 minutes to prepare. You get $1B if you survive. You can have 1 fictional character to protect you. Who would you pick and what’s your strategy?
What song gets you every time you listen to it?
Americans of reddit, what is your opinion on switching to the metric system?
What lie do you repeatedly tell yourself?
What is a good movie title for a film about grief?
What is a weird hobby that you’ve been hiding from your family/friends?
Your username is now what you do for a living. How has your life changed?
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
What piece of advice would you give to a thirty year old?
how does one over come social anxiety?
Sometimes cheap and expensive items are the same thing with the only difference being the brand name. What are some examples of this?
What's the best present you ever received? Who gave it to you and why was it so special?
Girls that are happy with how they look, how did you do that?
What do the rich buy that the poor don't even know is available for purchase?
If you were told to describe your favourite video game without mentioning the title, how would you do it?
If you had to say one last sentence before you lost your voice, what would it be ?
What is a niche skill that you have?
what movie quote is perfectly fine in context, but sounds really bad out of context?
What’s the funnest/most thrilling crime to commit?
What is a fake fact you believed in until you found out?
What are some tips for someone with no fighting experience to win in a fight?
What's something that you hate but can't tell anyone?
what’s something you didn’t understand as kid, but you later realized was super fucked up?
So, why haven't you told your crush how you feel?
Jack Black is cast as Donald Trump in a parody film about the president. How do you feel about that?
What’s your go to McDonald’s order?
What thing do you Google more than you should ?
Without saying the title, what's your favourite song about?
People who have changed their name, why?
it’s 11:11 pm what’s your wish?
How do you feel about parents who don't support the goals of their kids?
Rearrange the words of a movie title. How does the plot change?
If God created a Reddit post asking for suggestions on the next update of Earth, what would you comment?
People of Reddit. What are some tips for asking a girl out?
To those that live in Italy, how is the situation right now with coronavirus and lockdown?
What's the easiest thing to do, physically, that comes with the most amount of risk?
What's your one completely random memory from when you were about 3 years old?
Mariners of Reddit, what’s the strangest thing you’ve seen out on the open ocean? [Serious]
People who don’t comment on posts, why not?
Anyone who owns a gun, why do you have it?
What in your opinion is the perfect album?
[NSFW] What plotlines would we see in a "Dark Pixar" universe?
Animals of Reddit, what do you think of humans?
you are now a Demon, what does one need to do to summon you?
What is it about your country that movies always get wrong?
(SERIOUS) Why do we always assume an alien intelligence would be even remotely similar in size or biology to the human race? What types of odd languages or communication methods would they have?
Those with fulfilling careers - what do you do, how did you decide what you wanted to do, and what the requirements for this career path?
What is your favorite candy?
What're your most "I need to get out of here now!" moment?
As an individual, what is the best way to support Black Lives Matter?
What subreddits do you feel were great in concept but never got the attention they deserved, and why?
Psychologists, Therapists, Councilors etc: What are some things people tend to think are normal but should really be checked out?
Arachnophobes, what is the most scariest situation you had with a creepy crawly?
What do y'all think of George Carlin?
What stupid myth do too many people believe?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing a parent complained about?
What's something anyone can learn easily in a few days/weeks?
What actor is the most guilty of playing the same exact character in every film?
Who is your favorite MARVEL character and why?
What's a good thing you're hoping happens tomorrow?
What's for dinner tonight?
What movies don't hold up now that you're older and saw it again?
Students of reddit, what is your favorite Zoom story so far?
What's the best advice you can give anyone?
People who were raised by same-sex couples, what do you call them to avoid the confusion of two people with one name?
If life was a video game, what would be some loading screen tips?
People who shoved their school papers in their backpack with no binder/folder etc, Where are you now?
Someone once said "Everyone sees the world in a different way; so when someone dies, it is - in a way - the death of an entire world." So, Reddit. . . what unique world will die with you?
Military People of Reddit, Area 51 guards, how do you feel about the September 20th Raid?
What annoys you the most?
What was your scariest nightmare?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?
What's the best way to waste $100?
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What’s the most depressing movie you’ve seen?
What word(s) should make a comeback?
What "food sins" do you actually enjoy?
What is the most horrific thing that someone has told you super casually?
What is your "I fucking hate that song" song?
What do most people go through their whole lives not knowing?
How would you feel about a ban of “how are you today” questions on the sub?
How does someone politely end a conversation with a person who won't stop talking?
If countries are people, would you like to hangout with your own country? Why?
What type of bender from Avatar: The Last Airbender would you like to be and why?
What movie was so funny you laughed out loud in the theater?
What is your Tinder horror story?
Why should we be worried about the future?
What's the most useless trivia you know?
For those who use dating sites/apps like Okcupid or Tinder, how would you feel about an app that made you match based purely on a profile and compatibility questions, after which you could see pictures of the person?
What's something you can't manage no matter how hard you try?
What is one tv show you want back on the air?
Morgan Freeman’s freckles are the source of his power. What is the source of other celebrity’s power?
How do you sell your soul to the devil?
What's the easiest way to spot a sociopath or psychopath?
What screams "pretending to be upper class"?
Americans of Reddit, why are you up?
Without using any curse words, what’s the best insult you can come up with?
People who ask questions that you know perfectly damn well have already been asked, why?
What was a video game rumour that you actually believed in as a kid only to find out it was fake?
Why would a person need to believe that there is something after death ?
What is the best example of English being an impossible language?
What are some great songs that aren't in English?
People of Reddit, are you aware of the YouTube channels who take screenshots of popular Reddit posts, put a text to speech voice over on them and get millions of views? If so, what are your opinions on them?
What's the strangest thing that you've been called "gay" for?
What are some cool but obscure Mythological creatures?
What are some of the best lines in video game history?
For the people browsing Reddit right now to kill time, what are you waiting for?
What's the greatest effort you've put into pretending not to like something that you like?
If/when dogs overtake us as dominant species, how would we design cars to fit the needs of a dog family?
You find a specialized Genie, his only power is to grant you the ability to change fashion standards one time, what do you choose and why?
Did you ever snoop through your parents things as a child and absolutely regret what you found to this day? What was it and it they ever find out? NSFW
What do you love to do that you maybe shouldn’t?
What video game feature took you way too long to figure out?
What song do you currently have playing in your head?
What makes you say"Ah shit here we go again"?
You wake up to hear someone breaking into your house. What song do you blast on your stereo/smart speaker to freak the burglar out?
As the Grim Reaper is walking you to the afterlife, he tells you you can ask any question and he’ll answer it truthfully. What would you ask?
You wake up one day and discover you have been picked to represent your district (country) in the hunger games. What is your strategy to win?
If you had 3 arms, would you want your extra arm in your left or right side? Why?
Who's the worst actor?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve put in your microwave?
What is one thing you love about yourself?
What is a movie that made you cry?
Hey Reddit, what do you consider to be a reasonable grad gift for a daughter?
What’s your reason to keep going?
Did you ever have a moment where you thought you would die? Why?
A man determined to kill you with a knife is entering your home in 3 minutes. He won’t leave unless one of you is dead. How do you prepare (without leaving)?
What’s something you were always told you would “grow out of” as a child, but you never did?
The Egyptians said that you die a second time once your name is last uttered. Who will live the longest?
What’s something that you need to reread a few times to actually understand?
What does getting knocked out feel like?
Anyone out there with beautiful eyes and a less beautiful bottom half of your face notice people treating you differently with a mask? What’s different?
What is the saddest video game you have played and why?
What‘s stopping you huh?
Do you believe in the paranormal? If you do, what's the creepiest/weirdest experience you've had with ghosts?
What movie was before its time and why?
What is the best way to cook pancakes?
What fucked up thing did you do as a kid?
Dear Reddit, how do you get over the fact you feel you wasted 2 years of your life in a toxic relationship?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done while drunk?
If you could teleport yourself into that one book, which one would it be and how would you live your life?
If you were a bean, what type of bean would you be?
What's with the lack of reading comprehension skills on reddit?
What was your "Sir, this is a Wendy's" moment?
[Serious] What new jobs/industries can we create to work from home and keep the economy stimulated during these difficult times?
What’s the weirdest car you’ve ever seen?
Did you ever have a friend who some people don't like and you just now realise why they don't like them?
At what age do you stop being afraid of sleeping in an empty house?
What's something that you've never learned to do?
[Serious] Translators of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing you have had to translate?
What is something stupid that makes you really mad?
What is a profession that isn't highly respected, but should be?
A Mexican drug lord offers you $50million to let him hide out at your house for 3 months. Do you take it or turn him in? Why or why not?
Deaf people of reddit, how do you think? Do you hear someone talking in your mind?
What are things from the early days of the internet that you don’t see much of anymore?
What are you fantasizing about right now?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, have you ever sleepwalked into a room, thought it was the bathroom and peed on something? If so, what room was it and was there lasting damage? [NSFW]
What are some tips for new drivers?
If you could change one thing on your body, what would it be?
Ladies of Reddit what's your favorite men's cologne and would you share likes and dislikes too?
What’s an invention that’s still around today but has lost sight of its original purpose?
Ewan McGregor walks in to your elevator and you exit on the next floor. What do you say?
Students of reddit, What was your most Madlad moment of highschool?
What's that one part of a song you like that ruins it?
Moderators of reddit,what was the most insane/bad person you had to ban from *add subreddit* ?
What causes people to become obsessed with Korean culture after watching k pop?
What is your favorite movie/show about racism? [Serious]
Vegans of Reddit... If you kept bees, and knew they were happy and well looked after. Would you eat their honey? And why would/wouldn't you?
How do l join an ant community?
What is biggest sign that a guy has a small member?
When did "fake it until you make it" backfire?
What is something you thought was cool back in the days but growing you realised, it was absolutely not ?
If someone were to create a list of “must see” movies for their girlfriend who didn’t grow up watching too many movies, what should be added to that list?
What's a conspiracy theory you think might actually have some truth to it?
If, say, birds were to be plotting to destroy humanity; how would you stop them?
Who’s the biggest asshole in history?
(Serious) Redditors of toxic parents. What are some things that helped you recover from them and what was your biggest concern moving forward?
Instead of a batmobile, you get a blyatmobile. What are some features of your new car?
What is something you regret masturbating to?
Has anyone had any bad experiences with the TSA? If so, what happened?
What do you wish they would teach at school that they don't?
What is your hobby?
Psychiatrists/psychologists/therapists/doctors of reddit - what was the most dangerous moment you have lived through while with a patient?
Multilingual people of reddit, what languages can you speak?
What non-factual source of information online are you always inclined to believe no matter what it says?
What's an American issue you are too European to understand?
What is your favorite Chinese food dish and why?
What is real that you can't believe is real?
What are some good first date questions to get to know someone?
Your girlfriend is telling you she wants a open relationship. What do you do?
What if USA was a country?
People who are relatives to celebrities, how are they as a relative?
What won't make it to 2021?
Males who got sexually harassed, what's your story?
What is something that you hate as a kid, but enjoy as a adult?
What "little" thing bothers you a lot?
What could a group of seven be for Halloween?
Has someone ever saved your life? and if so, how?
You can have 1,000,000 of anything EXCEPT money. What do you choose?
What was the worst physical/emotional pain you've experienced in your life?
What is a "What the fuck did I just listen to" song?
What doesn't taste as good as it smells?
What will ruin your day if you google it?
How many hours do you sleep?
What songs are you listening to right now?
What could have been awesome if people hadn’t ruined it?
You are tasked with creating a new type of scam what is it and how does it work?
What are some things $100 USD can get you in the world’s poorest country?
Redditors who hate where they live, what's keeping you there?
Which TV show would offend people if it re-aired today?
The Minneapolis City Council says it's considering to disband its police department in favor of a community-oriented public safety agency. What do you think?
What's a good website to waste a whole night on?
People who have a scar on their face: How did you get it?
People who fetishized a city or country, like NYC or Japan, and then actually took a leap of faith to move there, how has your opinion changed since?
If everything has its equal and opposite. What would be the good counterpart of stubbing your toe?
What is the best way to let someone youre interested in them, without saying it directly?
To all the people who are lonely,Hi.How are you doing?
What are the signs there is sexual trafficking involved in a porno?
What is a show that started out very good that had worst ending you ever watched?
Quick! What is the first joke that comes to your mind?
should you feel bad if you got rejected asking someone out? why?
What are the benefits of increasing your Karma points?
What “cheat” were you taught to help you remember something?
Youtubers with small channels, what are some difficulties you have to face and overcome?
Every time someone lies to you, $100 gets deposited to your bank account. How do you get rich?
What’s your best childhood memory? Why?
What word or phrase in your native language has no English equivalent?
What is one positive, it can be anything, that happened to you this year?
You are in your 20s and still you act like a kid? Why? What makes you do that?
Ladies of Reddit, is having boobs more of a positive or a negative? Why?
What fashion trends need to make a comeback? Why?
What movie went from 0-100 really quick?
Which song from the 80s is your favorite?
What percentage is your phone battery?
What's your favourite 'angry' song?
What has rule 34 ruined for you?
What are some bizzarely specific Guinness World Records?
What is something you didn’t know you enjoyed until you met your significant other?
Actors who were selected for a role described as ugly, how did that part feel to play?
Why did you start working out?
What are some of the drawbacks of committing to someone at a young age Around 17-18 especially when they’re your first partner ever?
There are two types of people in the world. Who are they?
What a childhood meal you loved as a kid, but find disgusting as an adult?
What fictional character do you absolutely hate?
Which songs have a "cool part" and then you skip them?
People of reddit, what made you stop liking your crush?
What was an amazing moment in your life you hope to never relive again?
How do you live with someone with severe anger issues that attacks you when they get mad?
Whatever you make now, what would $12k more a year help you with?
Older people of Reddit, what was the equivalent of teaching your grandparents to use the internet, when you were growing up?
Women of Reddit, what is the most memorable compliment you have received from a man?
Husbands and wives that got divorced after 20 years of marriage, what made you decide to change your mind after all that time?
What was a show/movie you watched as a kid but now that you're older you think "Wow, this is terrible."?
What movie can you watch over and over again?
People who can go to bed and wake up feeling energized and refreshed, how do you do it?
What is the story behind a scar on your body?
If Reddit wasn't called Reddit, what would it be called ?
What is both very essential in our lives but also very dangerous?
What would you want to be the god of?
What’s your playlist name?
People who've killed in self defence, whats your story?
What was a moment where your pet's sixth sense genuinely warned you about a danger or helped your life?
What are some fun ways to spend your birthday alone?
What was the First Video Game you guys ever played?
In terms of comedy, what subjects do you believe should be completely off the table?
What incident made you lose respect for your parents?
How attractive is Bill Gates to you?
What do you use to remind yourself that everything isn't that bad?
Redditors, what inspired your current reddit usernames?
Do you think landlords should be open to being lenient on rent in a crisis like this (pending proof of lack of employment)? Why/why not?
British people of Reddit, how is the American Revolution tought in your schools?
How are you feeling today?
What annoys you the most on Reddit?
What is an emotion that you have never experienced?
You are making a music tour called the "Cockholes and butt farts tour". You can bring 4 acts on tour, who do you choose?
[Serious] What was the worst instance when you lost everything or felt like you lost everything?
What's a fact that tells you that this isn't a stimulated reality?
What's the coolest thing about the bible?
which character has a legitimately sad and not annoyingly edgy backstory?
Trump magically loses all of his money, what’s the first thing he tweets?
What the weirdest thing you did while you were high?
What's your favorite Disney conspiracy theory?
What season of the year do you like the most and why?
When was the moment when you actually acted as dumb as horror movie characters?
Redditors who grew up with shady/criminal parents: What did your mom or dad teach you was OK to do that you later learned was illegal or seriously frowned upon? (Serious)
What is worth dying for?
A nuclear war is taking place and, in a few minutes (10min at most), a nuclear head is striking near your current position. What do you do?
How could we stop gang violence in America?
Doctors, whats it like when you get sick? Do you go to the doctor or diagnose yourself?
What’s the worst way someone has tried to “Comfort” you?
What is something you thought was common sense or common knowledge when you were younger but found out wasn’t when you grew up?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be?
Urban explorers what's you scariest experience?
Are you happy with your life right now? Why/why not?
If you could spend a day in someone else’s shoes, whose would they be ? Why ?
What restaurant were you scarred by after seeing something in your food that shouldn't be there?
What commercial do you hate the most?
What’s your favorite Monty Python movie moment/quote?
[Serious] Without providing spoilers, which TV Show has the best plot twists?
what type of art you like the most ?
What would you do if the fire nation attacked?
What's the most spectacular way you won an argument or proved someone wrong?
Girls of Reddit, what is something that astonished or bamboozled you about your boyfriend's anatomy?
If you had to tell someone that a loved one has passed away in the most inappropriate way possible, how would you do it?
What’s an unfun fact?
You are given a baby on your 21 first birthday, the child turns out to be you as a baby. Raising him won’t change your life, only his. How would you raise this child to give it a better life than the one you have?
What are two things that don’t go together?
Redditors who have been in a coma, what's something that you heard (while in coma) from a family member or a friend that you shouldn't have?
What was the last purchase you made that was worth every penny?
What words do you mispronounce on purpose?
Artists of reddit. What is the weirdest commission you've gotten?
If Trump was present during various Historical events, how would he tweet about them?
Which movies/series today are way ahead of this time?
If 1 karma=1 dollar ,What would you buy with your account?
If you were a villain and could choose any animal to fight by your side, what animal would you choose and why?
What Is The Best Thing That Happened To You During The Past Week?
What BS are you dealing with at work right now?
What is a overrated movie you absolutely hate?
If you were murdered by your username in what way would you be murdered?
What’s the most useless talent you have?
What is the kindest thing you’ve done or seen?
You've been granted the power to bless people with minor conveniences. How do you make their lives slightly better?
What are things you miss about older computers?
What are some good ways to help your female SO get through her period?
What phrases have you noticed they always say on tv/movies that people never actually say in real life?
What would you change about the view outside your window?
Ladies and Gents, how do you feel about your partner watching porn? Does it bother you at all, and if so, why?
What is your biggest disappointment in life?
Non Canadians, what is the first thing that comes to mind when you think "Canada"?
If there were no constraints in budget, developer capabilities, etc. What type of game would you choose make, if you could customize it however you want, and why?
What’s a random ass thing you remember from your childhood?
What sentence can be completely normal if said in one place, but is really NOT ok if said in another?
Men of reddit, what myth about men is 100% untrue and infuriates you when you hear it ?
There's a quote of Philip K. Dick that says: “There exists, for everyone, a sentence - a series of words - that has the power to destroy you". Which sentence is it for you?
What is a song you like that hardly anyone else has ever heard?
What totally obvious scam do people still fall for?
How did you pick your gamertag?
You can have sex with one real person from all human history -who is your ultimate lay?
What were you bullied for in school?
How do you politely tell someone 'That's non of your business.' ?
What is the worst thing that you've seen a coworker do and still avoid being fired?
You wake up in the year 2100. What civil rights movements are happening?
You've invented a new alarm clock called the "Rude Awakening." What does it do?
What is your dream movie? Have you picked a cast for it? How detailed is the plot?
If you were a 1-episode fling for Jerry on the show Seinfeld, what would be his silly and minuscule reasoning for breaking up with you?
What sounds deadly but really is not?
What is a very good podcast one can listen to?
People with low bicycle seats, what do you think you're doing?
What unimpressive superpower would make you a billionaire?
What screams "I'm middle class"?
What is a song people play just to annoy you?
When someone close to you loses a loved one, what's better to say than "I'm sorry"?
What if you knew your name?
What’s the most toxic community when you say something against them?
What are some underrated, pretty names?
What's the biggest lie you've heard about college?
what's a good way to cope with anxiety?
Adults of Reddit. Who has been your oldest friend? How did you meet them?
God has become tired of humanity, recently retired and left you in charge. Do you leave the rules exactly as they currently are and if not, what changes will you be making?
Americans who grew up during the Red Scare, what was it like?
Doctors/nurses/surgeons of reddit, when did a patient came in with a little thing which actually revealed to be a life-threatening injury ?
Which BS information do you wish movies would stop perpetuating?
What movie was better than the book and why ?
What is the most bizarre animal that is still alive?
What is a relatively minor change/upgrade you've made to your home which has had a MAJOR impact on your quality of life?
Reddit, what makes you happy?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
People no longer bound by their non disclosure agreements, what can you now disclose?
World travelers, what are some of the worst tourist traps you have encountered? What can be done to catch it beforehand?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool but actually has the opposite effect?
Upvotes now grant orgasms to the person who gets them. How does this change the world?
Babes of reddit, what's it like being a pig in the city?
What is your "I'm Sad" playlist named, and what are the top 3 songs?
What slang can us older relatives use tonight to embarrass the teenagers while opening presents?
Guys of Reddit, what are some obvious signs you like a girl?
How hard would it be for police to have state-issued licenses so "bad apples" can't just hop to nearby departments if/when fired?
You are given $1000 on the condition that you must spend it on treating yourself. What do you buy?
How does reddit gold feel?
In what ways a 35 year old can screw his life up?
If “OK Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK Google” what sorts of answers would it give you to certain questions?
What's the most tech illiterate thing you've seen a person do?
What are some huge GREEN flags that are often overlooked?
What are some things that we really need but haven’t been invented?
What is your wildest sex story?
For those people who are always late, why?
What is your most embarrassing moment in a gym?
How do you get rid of grudges?
What is the point of the death of Justin Foley?
People who were mentioned in someone’s suicide note, what’s your story?
What gives you confidence?
What's extremely difficult to stop once started?
What ridiculous conspiracy theory have you heard that might actually be true?
What's best about living in the UK?
If you could time travel without changing anything in the past, where would you go?
If you died and your body was somehow immovable and indestructible, where would you die to cause the most damage?
What sounds like an insult when it’s used as a compliment?
you are teleported into a game of your choice for a month, if you die in the game you die in real life BUT Whatever you collect in the game you can keep in real life. (skils, magic, items, pets, clothes) what game do you pick?
What is the most argued topic?
Men of Reddit would you take birth control pills made for men if they came out, even with the similar side effects as women birth control pills, why?
What's one Sound from a Video Game thats gives you instant PTSD-like Anxiety?
The answer is "Right square in the balls." What was the question?
What are some highly addictive things that most people don't think about?
What is the one movie you *always* recommend to others?
If you could see a list of every person's name and face (including strangers) that thought about you sexually at least once, would you want to see it and why?
How would society change if we could literally shit bricks?
What is your favorite smell?
What’s the saddest death in a movie/show?
What's the best "lazy person" tool you own?
What's your best way to escape an awkward situation?
Whats an answer to a question you wish you never heard?
You are gifted a single use stopwatch that can stop time once for 10 minutes. How do you make the best use of your 10 minutes?
What are the spookiest audio or video clips on the internet?
What is your favorite subreddit?
Old people and babies have a distinct smell. So name any type of person and how they smell like? (Person Example-age/Karen/kyle/movie characters/famous person/anyone you think of)?
Who is the biggest idiot you know?
What is something you've heard someone say, that actually left you speechless?
What are some lesser-known secondary uses for an everyday product?
What country in your opinion has the best (and worst) flag?
What will be the first thing that you will do if you're locked in a bathroom full of cockroaches?
What are some good internet Rabbit Holes to fall into during this time of quarantine?
What's the coolest thing about your dad?
What celebrity did bad things but everyone "forgot" what they did because they're famous?
What are some weird subreddits?
What is a question you asked on Reddit that you think should have blown up but didn't?
What’s something about the animal kingdom that absolutely terrifies you?
What is the weirdest fetish you've ever heard of?
With the US being so focused on its own thing, how is coronavirus in the rest of the world? Is it going away?
What is one food you ate so much of at any point in your life, that you were turned off of it forever (or at least a few years)?
What do you think about while you try and fall asleep?
Which Marvel Cinematic Universe Character is your favorite and why?
Small town America, what's the scariest supernatural urban legend from your area? Especially interested in things involving wilderness and hiking. [serious]
What was normal to have in 2010 but not 2020?
What is a feature that is inarguably hot, regardless of gender?
Joke lovers of Reddit, what’s a great joke?
How do you invest in a community?
What does OtakuKart mean?
What were your high’s and lows of this week?
People who work in Human Resources, what is the weirdest shit you have seen?
What was the career you thought you would pursue when you were younger, and what do you do now?
What’s one good thing, no matter how small, that happened yesterday?
[Serious] People who have been addicted to opioids/heroin how did you get clean? What advice would you give to someone struggling with addiction?
What’s something that you have zero sympathy for?
Its international mens day. Men of reddit, how are you today?
High school graduates, what happened to the really popular kid in your class and where are they today?
What are the most interesting public webcams?
If you got offered $1,000,000 USD but every time you spend it you sneeze for every dollar you spend, would you take it? Why or why not?
To all journalists, reporters and medical professionals that have to fly, how are flights and airports now?
If you got to pick one video game that you would live in for the rest of your life, what game would you pick and why?
How do you deal with serious life altering issues in your life that you can’t change?
Which is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Confident people: how do you do it?
You have to fight off 10 silver back gorillas in a gladiatorial arena. You're Nicolas Cage, from which movie?
Which song do you most relate to, like it tells your story kinda?
What is your favorite book and why?
What is the best response to the question "How are you still single"?
What was the "monster under your bed" as a child?
In your opinion, what is the best investment you have ever made?
What was the name of the first video game you’ve ever played?
What’s really in Area51?
What’s your thoughts on people saying AllLivesMatter?
What do you think is the most quotable movie ever made?
What religion makes the most "sense" to you?
What is the worst possible response to "I love you"?
What were the facts you learned in school that are no longer true?
[Serious] Autistic people of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew about Autism?
There are 2 types of people, who are they?
What is one thing that you detest being asked?
Colorblind People, What have been your biggest "Oh I Fucked Up" moments due to your condition?
What is that one piece of software that you have to use despite hating it?
What quote would reveal your favourite TV series?
What are some life tips for someone turning 18?
What is the most commonly used swear word in your country?
[Serious] What are some Creepy/Unexplainable events or encounters from your life?
People who were born into cults, what's your story? (Serious)
Hey Canadians! How many think we should drop the British Monarchy after the Queen passes away?
What are some of your favorite foods to eat just before you go to bed so you can suck the globs out your teeth in the morning?
When was the last time you cried? Why?
What is something that is rapidly disappearing, but nobody would really miss in actuality?
What is your "if I can do it, anyone can do it" hobby/skill?
What is something that you own that you hope you never need to use?
You are 1 of 2,000,000 people asked. You get to have whatever item you want as long as no one else chooses it. What do you choose?
Which fictional world deserves better than the shitty movie/TV series it got?
What's on your bedroom walls?
How sexy are you?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
People who have called the police or visited a precinct to report a crime: what was your experience and outcome?
What's a true fact that people refuse to believe?
Former rich people of reddit, what happened?
Parents of reddit, what is the worst thing that happened at a bring your kid to work day?
Children of a “Karen”, what is it like?
Skyscraper window cleaners of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing you’ve seen inside an apartment while cleaning windows?
People who want to eat the rich, how can the rich avoid being eaten and better society as a whole?
What are some NOT fun facts?
What is an example of toxic femininity?
What is a well known rule that most people do not follow?
You are now the manager of Mehven, heaven for people that were kinda good, but not great during their life. How would you design the place?
[Serious] When it's well known that the adult entertainment industry is mindblowingly lucrative and an increasing fanbase exploring animated media, why are so few studios producing high quality animated content?
For those who were suicidal for having no reason to live -- no friends, no SO, no children, and no career or hobbies-- what finally made you not suicidal? What ended the constant suffering?
If band names were literal which would be the scariest band to fight?
The President mistakenly declares Martian Law, instead of Martial Law. What powers does he think he has under Martian Law?
What made you lose interest in a person you had a crush on?
What new thing did you learn about yourself while Quarantined?
What are some useful facts to survive in certain situations?
Which country do you want to travel to and why?
What gives you feelings of power?
You wake up one day back in the prehistoric era with all of the knowledge humanity ever gained up to the year 2020 (yes, it's pretty obvious as to what anime this concept is from), assuming you're now immortal, how do you help out human society?
If we wanted to abolish the two-party govt system in the US, what is the BEST way to even start that process?
People who only eat the middle part of the Oreos, just why?
What is one thing that is completely normal but you hate it?
You can fill a pool with anything you want (money, gold, coins, anything valuable really), but you must jump into it from 10 meters (~33 feet) and survive in order to keep what you filled it in with. What would you fill the pool up with?
People of r/AskReddit, why do you keep asking sex questions every 5 minutes?
What movie was so bad it made you walk out of the theater without finishing it?
If you could be somewhere else right now, where would you be?
Bi people of reddit do crushes on guys and girls feel different, if so what is different?
We see police brutality because civilians can record it with their phones, so what do you think we are NOT seeing that goes on in prisons between inmates and prison guards?
With Chuck E Cheese going bankrupt, what is your favorite memory from the funhouse?
What is your "thank god it was just a dream", moment?
What “classic” books don’t really hold up?
How would your life be different if you were raised by 2 females or 2 males?
people who have depression, what was the first sign that let you know that you have depression?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What were you doing in 2013?
How is your day going so far?
What didn't you learn in sex ed that should have been taught?
If you could choose to completely eradicate mosquitos, without any knowledge over how it would change human history, would you do it?
Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
What’s your favorite line from Spongebob?
[Serious] What do you think about bringing a young child along to participate in a protest?
What made the ‘weird kid’ at your school weird?
What does your username say about your personality?
Who is the most difficult video game boss of all time?
What songs are best to be played during sex?
“There is a new restaurant called Karma. It doesn’t have a menu. You just get what you deserve.” - so what are you getting?
What is currently happening that is scaring you?
What is an useful skill everyone should learn?
You are about to lose your virginity, what is the worst thing you could say as soon as it's in?
What’s your favourite reddit moment ?
What TV shows are you currently binging during quarantine?
What fast food place is the absolute worst?
What song immediately makes you cry as soon as you hear it and why?
You've been elected President of the United States, what is the first thing you do?
What is your favorite color and why?
Which actor do you miss?
When did you do something you think is so 'immature'?
What's the worst pick-up line of all time?
When eating Pringles, how many do you put in your mouth at the same time?
Do you need a virtual hug? What's wrong?
What is your one album that doesn’t have a bad song on it?
Which books should a person read at least once in their life?
[NSFW] Crime scene cleanup crew members of Reddit what is your most disturbing story?
What was something you think most of us did or experienced as a child?
Women of Reddit, what are some things a dad should know about raising a girl?
What if 2020 was a liquor, what would it be?
People of Reddit, how do you get rid of the foam in the sink after you wash your hands?
Being naked with friends while just chilling (and possibly touching) sounds like a pleasant time, but an important question to ask is: what kind of friendship is this called? How does one even find friends like this?
Flat-earthers of Reddit, what were your thoughts on the footage of the SpaceX launch today?
People who have started a relation just before or during the quarentine, how was/is it like?
(NSFW) Men of Reddit, what is your method for lasting longer in bed?
What is your least favorite thing about one of your favorite things?
What was your "you NEED to see a doctor" moment?
What social norm makes absolutely no sense to you?
Everyone talks about their favorite comfort food, but what is your go-to comfort beverage (may be alcoholic or not-- but you must be specific)?
What is the most wholesome thing you have seen?
If time travel was possible what would you tell yourself at the beginning of the year 2020?
If you had a $100,000,000 budget for a movie, and you had to spend all of it, how would you make it as bad as possible?
You've been granted a wish, but only if it's one you had as a child. What is your wish?
What is your biggest gaming "rage moment" that you can remember?
If you were ever on the show “Wipe Out” or a similar show, what kind of injury and body pains were you left with, if any?