Which historical figure sounds made up?
Without saying its name, what’s your favorite movie about?
People of Reddit, what's a polite way of saying "your cooking is terrible?"
It's 2040 and President Keanu Reeves reigns supreme. What events led up to this moment?
Which one do you prefer? McDonald's or BurgerKing?
You get to pick a verified Twitter account to tweet from for 5 minutes without anyone knowing it's been hacked. Who's account do you pick and what do you tweet?
What is the most racist country in the world?
People over 21, how do you feel about the idea of an adult summer camp? Would you go or at least seriously consider it?
If you could ask Donald Trump one question, that he had to give a straight answer to, what would it be?
What cartoon from 1990s-2010 do you think deserves a reboot?
How come depression has been so trendy these past few years?
If you were president of your country, what very small law will you put in place to change your peoples life ?
Will you be charged with murder if you pull the lever on the trolly problem where you can pull a lever and kill 1 person or do nothing and let 5 people die?
For people who upvote but don’t comment, why?
What do you think is the reason for people that were once considered 'gifted' children or 'mature for their age' so commonly ending up as depressed under-achievers? What needs to change?
blind people, how did you read this post?
People who pronounce Reese's as ree-sees, why?
The office viewers of reddit did you ever wish to unsee it just to see it again. If so which scene would you see it again soo bad?
Who was you first crush, and when did you get that crush?
What's the dumbest reason you got downvoted to hell?
What is the scariest message alliens contacting us from deep space would tell to freak us out?
What is the best app on your phone?
What is the worst time to get a boner?
You have 5 seconds to ruin the entire wedding, what would you do?
What do you hate with a passion?
[Serious] What are some good charities and organizations that more people should donate to?
Democrats who will be voting for Trump in November: 1) What caused the switch? 2) Are you voting FOR Trump or AGAINST Biden?
what is the best word you've heard till date?
Multilinguals, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
Are “which” and “rich” pronounced the same? Why?
What white lie have you told somebody that you regret the most and why?
What can you tell about a person just by looking at them?
[NSFW] If you could magically get any pornstar to give you a blowjob, who would you want doing it?
[NEXT CONTEST] What will THIS post's point count be midnight on Monday? Winner gets free copy of TF2, Minecraft, or donation satisfaction.
Dear British, how do you think about Roma from Eastern Europe?
Is r/atheism a front by religious believers to make atheists look like childish, misinformed, meme-loving idiots?
What is your funny experience losing your virginity?
Should expression be forbidden to the point of permament exclusion, why or why not?
To the people that protest in the USA, how are the protests at the moment and how can European people help you?
Your username is you op ability. What is it?
What mistakes have you made because of your lack of self-awareness?
What is the useless thing, that at one point became useful?
What makes America the greatest country in the world?
If you could have absolutely anything in the world right now, what would it be and why?
People who've been or seen someone else get helped by street medics, what happened?
Millennials and Boomers...the next generation begins in 47 days...what will the next generation be known as?
What if Trump wins and Republicans take back the House and keep the Senate?
How do people still defend and support Trump through all of this? Are people uniformed, or just ignorant?
What's the most sensitive part of your body when you masturbate?
How many people will lose the game because of this post?
What is the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
Why the HECK do people eat flamin hot cheetos?
How does one go about obtaining karma?
What broke you but made you stronger?
How much KFC would one have to eat in one sitting to ensure death by a heart attack?
Men of Reddit: What was going through your mind when you gave your first blowjob?
You can send one person of your choice back in time to a natural disaster. Who do you send and what natural disaster incident do you choose?
What are some unspoken rules of reddit?
Religious guys, what really makes you believe in a God?
How would people's sexual life change if nutting meant literally having to push a peanut (allergies aside) out of your urethra?
Have you ever bumped into your cat outside of your house in the neighborhood? How was the interaction?
People who grew up in third-world countries, what was the biggest shock for you when moving into a developed country?
What do you consider a bad internet speed in mgps ?
What do you think would happen if some black police officer choked white guy? Would we have now White Lives Matter everywhere or it wouldn't matter at all?
Who’s the best villain?
Americans of reddit, what the fuck is going on in your country?
What is the best pick-up line?
What one moment changed the way you view the world?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the best 'gotcha moment' you ever experienced?
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?
Have you ever ghosted a friend? If so, why?
What did you assume was common knowledge, but actually isn't?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top 5?
You're able to change any rule, but just once. What would it be?
How black lives matter end?
#OccupyAskreddit
What's a touching family boning moment you had growing up?
Ernest Hemmingway was once challenged to write a story in just six words. He wrote "For Sale: baby shoes, never worn."  Reddit, what is your best story in six words or less?
What if Trump just gives up?
How come women with fake boobs usually have much higher standards in men and are so much harder to tap into than women with natural boobs?
(Serious) Women who don't like the idea of having to carry a baby for 9 months, what exactly are you expecting after intercourse?
What was your masturbation of shame?
What is the worst book to movie adaptation?
What NSFW questions do men have about women, but are too afraid to ask?
People who eat plain tortilla chips without any queso or salsa, why?
People of reddit, what is that one game that you always come back to just because it’s so replayable?
People who are against cigarettes but pro weed, what's your explanation?
How would you feel about NOT making abortion laws, but instead taking away any reason why women might have an abortion, such as funding free contraception for everyone, funding child care for working/single moms, funding foster homes/adoption agencies, and funding better education for kids?
Would you browse reddit more if it was narrated by Morgan Freeman?
Guys get called simps for treating girls like human beings.Why?
Redditors who have tried anal, what's your favorite food?
How can you tell a girl is in to you?
Funerals are depressing. How would you make your funeral fun for everyone who is attending?
What’s your go-to icebreaker/conversation starter?
What are good games to play during a sleepover?
Atheist, if you had to pick a religion to follow which would you pick? Why?
The Mayor of London has said "Statues and street names in London with links to slavery "should be taken down" Do you agree? Why or why not?
Are you liberal or conservative? Why?
The people who almost got kidnapped what’s your story??
Experts of Reddit, what is everyone else missing that they should be paying attention to?
[Serious] People who thought they were "forever alone" but then ended up with someone, what's your story?
What industry is a lot shadier than it seems?
What topic surrounding our society and culture would you write a 2,500 word researched essay on?
Water park workers of Reddit, what is the worst accident you have seen during a shift?
We create a sentient artificial intelligence and the first thing it does is switch itself off. How does the world react?
What is the most ridiculous thing a mod did on a subreddit?
Lawyers, What's a law that isn't real that normal people insist exists?
What's the weirdest thing you had to hear while working in retail?
Whose death will make a great history?
What was something someone said, that made you physically go, "ugh..."?
To everyone who has masturbated or had sex before, what does an orgasm feel like?
Ayurveda says to not eat leafy vegetables during monsoon as they become damp and inviting to germs, what is the scientific basis of this?
What is something that is so controversial, yet so brave?
What was the best orgasm you've ever had?
Law enforcement officers from countries OTHER than the US, since you could probably add another layer of insight, and don't have a real conflict of interest, what are your thoughts on the current situation developing here?
What can you say to someone to get their attention sexually?
Cops of Minneapolis, why have you been told to take such an overly aggressive approach to this situation?
things are not going well in life ..... how can you offer help to depressed ppl?
What word or phrase comes out of someone's mouth and you immediately say to yourself "Oh this conversation's going to be some bullshit."?
If your username was how you died, what would be your exact cause of death?
What juicy gossip do you have going on in your life right now?
You see yourself on the dark web on sale. It says sold. You don’t know when they get to your place. What do you do to prepare for arrival?
Knock knock, who’s there?
A genie grants you 1 wish, but the wish must benefit at least 80% of the world population. What is your wish?
What would you do if a random woman began taking her clothes off in the middle of the street?
You're 12 years old again, it is 1am at night, your parents aren't home, you got lots of snacks ready and your friends are over. What is the game you play?
People who wear their mask under their nose: WHY!?
People who lost their job due to this crisis what is your story?
What or who lives in a pineapple under the sea?
What old movies would actually do well with a reboot?
What did your first kiss taste like?
What are you immune to?
Living people of Reddit, were you born at a young age? If so what was it like?
If you could cum any flavour what would it be?
As a rape victim, I don't think its ok or funny to joke around about rape. It only brings back bad memories. Why do people think it's ok to joke around about rape
[Serious] Folks who wear long dresses, how do keep them from getting dirty when using the toilet?
In what ways has Reddit affected your life?
People who have jumped off a building strapped to a table into a pool of grapefruit juice while singing "We didn't start the Fire" in a Mongolian accent with a ping pong ball up your ass, sup?
What's your favourite movie?
What healthy food tastes better than unhealthy food?
You are offered 10,000 dollars if you apologize to the person you hate the most in the world. Regardless of whether or not you need to apologize, you must. Would you take it or leave it and why?
What’s something that you like, but hate the fan base?
Flight vs Invisibility - If you had to choose one, which would it be and why?
To all the black cops, which side do you take during these protests? What moral conflicts do you face?
What is the worst thing you’ve done as a horny teen?
[Serious] Trump supporters of Reddit, why are you still a Trump supporter?
Christians of reddit, why?
What was the worst gift you received for Christmas?
What is the greatest "fuck it, I'll do it myself" in history?
You are brought in as the expert on an item for Pawn Stars. What is the item and why is it not worth any money?
Professional gamblers, how do you do it? Do you gain more than you lose?
What are some good internet Rabbit Holes to fall into during this time of quarantine?
What’s a sign that somebody wasn’t raised right?
People whose first relationship was very long term, what weird thing did you believe was normal until you started seeing other people?
What is the largest amount of money you have ever wasted on a single purchase/expense?
What are some things you’d only know by growing up poor?
Which song from the 80s is your favorite?
What brand are you loyal to and why?
What absolutely terrible movie would instantly become at least 8/10 if it had Homer Simpson?
What's a great historical example of "lose the battle, but win the war" strategy?
Which movie title becomes the most ridiculous when you add “vs. Predator” to the end of it?
For those who understand algebra, how do you manage to understand?
Trump supporters of Reddit, what do you think of the proof that got leaked by anonymous that trump is a child r-pist?
What’s a line from jojo’s bizarre adventure that you can also say during sex?
What is something you’re willing to fight to the death for?
What can you say in Walmart and during sex?
Non-Americans of Reddit, What's Up With America?
What's a great question to ask your grandparents ?
What is the dumbest/weirdest thing that has happened to you in a hospital/doctors office?
Your grandma walks into your room holding your phone, and asking what porn hub is. What do you say?
Have you ever stopped feeling attracted to someone after you realized how toxic that person was?
Supporters of Donald Trump, what are the reasons that you still support him?
What are some must try things for someone who's just entered adulthood?
What are some good countries to move to, in case Trump wins a second term and why?
Redditors who masturbate with sandpaper gloves, why?
(Serious) How do you get rid of negative thoughts about yourself?
Nature reserve and animal rescue people of reddit, what is your saddest experience you have had whilst working with the animals?
What game do you want to completely forget so you could play/enjoy it again like it was brand new?
What would you do if you were giving an m113 by the US military?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the best video game console or Portable (Not a PC, Laptop, or Mobile Device) that you've ever played on?
Non-US citizens of reddit, what is the equivalent of a “Karen” in your country and what is their “asking for the manager”?
Men who successfully beat balding.. how did you do it?
What's the best mindset, "better late than never" or "now or never"?
Virgins of reddit - why are you still a virgin?
What are the rules to the sport goodminton?
It seems we all know a "Karen" by name or by nature, what's the most unexpected behaviour you've encountered from this type of person?
"Rick Astley got rick rolled "...why this meme so overrated ?
What did you get bullied for as a kid?
What were some times when you died inside?
People who love life why?
What’s the best thing about your parents?
What is a clear sign that separates smart people from dumb people?
Rickrollers of Reddit, what was the most epic rickroll you pulled off on someone?
Virgin ppl of Reddit, how do you feel when ppl talk about sex and you still haven't experienced it?
China is playing with fire indulging with Great Indian Army that will end up burning his own tail , what do you think ?
LGBTQIA+ Folk of Reddit: What was Your Most Awkward Coming Out Moment?
What film role was 100% perfectly cast?
[NSFW] Guys of reddit, what do you want to know about females?
Waiters what Valentine day disasters have you witnessed?
What do you think goes through Donald Trumps head?
What’s your “What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas” story?
In Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ultron goes into the internet for 5 seconds before realizing humanity can't be saved. What do you think he saw?
Ladies of Reddit what type of porn do you watch and why?
What are you doing step bro?
When moving in together, what are some good habits to start/learn?
What is a subreddit everyone should know?
Your favorite song has every other beat missing. What are the lyrics of this butchered version?
What do some people think is a personality trait, but actually isn't?
Fat / Skinny? Who do you think face body Shaming more?
What weird or interesting trick can you do with your body?
What was something that made you feel weak in the past, but you can laugh about it now?
Out of 7.7 billion people on the Earth,what do you think no one is doing right now?
What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?
What’s your favorite Kobe Bryant memory?
Writers of Reddit how would you of wrote the ending to Game Of Thrones ?
What's the most lyrical form of rape music you know of?
Do you think you should be famous and why?
Your username is your only weapon in an apocalypse. How long will you last, and how will you die?
Why should people stop looting and rioting aggressively?
People who upvote AskReddit questions without answering, why?
What do you call a hairy slut with 3 tits and a nutsack glued to her face?
You’re the last person on Earth, what’s your first move?
If Trump were to wear a military uniform like a dictator, what fake stories would be behind each of his decked out rack of ribbons/medals?
How deep is space currently?
[Serious] Redditors who had an imaginary friend as a child, who were they, and did you really perceive them like a hallucination, or did you consciously make them up?
What is your favorite smell in the world?
How did you start fresh, a new life? And is it better than before?
How generous are you with upvotes?
Is there such a thing as ethical fur, and if not, why not?
Do people here actually support that women should have the "right" to run around topless?
Americans of Reddit, Do you feel like it’s time to abandon ship and leave America? Why or why not ?
Are there any trilogies where the third film is the best?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
whats one song that gives you goosebumps every time you hear it?
You are a 18 year old boy who is about to meet your 17 year old girlfriends family. The father is the stereotypical dad who polishes his guns in front of the boyfriend. What do you say/do that will make him contemplate shooting you?
Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
Did I get trolled? How worried should I be?
People who upvote but don’t comment, why?
Dead people of reddit. How did it feel dying?
What's your favourite 'angry' song?
What's the best time to suck a dick?
It’s 42 days to 4/20/20, how’s everyone doing today?
if any pokemon were to deepthroat you, which would you want it to be?
As a British -female- also considering moving to America, will my accent help me with the men, or is that also a myth?
If, instead of rebooting movies, it became a trend to retell them from a different characters perspective, what film would you want to see retold and from who’s point of view?
Just a question for American Redditors from a Canadian.  In history class do you guys learn about how we burned down the white house in the war of 1812 (known as the Presidential Mansion at the time)
What was the dumbest thing you ever did to try and impress a girl or guy?
What are you really good at, but hate doing?
could someone give me a call or a text? I feel down :(

Archeologists of reddit, have you ever encountered real booby traps, and what were they?
Those who sort by rising, why?
[Serious] what is something you saw as a kid that makes you shiver when you think about it?
People who left their jobs and started their businesses, how different is your life now?
Doctors, whats it like when you get sick? Do you go to the doctor or diagnose yourself?
Men, what's your opinion on gender equality?
Genderfluid people of Reddit, what does Dysphoria feel like for you, and how exactly does that work?
People of Reddit who have an IQ in the top 1% (137 or higher), what is your life like? What job do you have? What are your hobbies? How do you structure your day?
How would you feel about creating a NSFAL tag: Not Safe for Animal Lovers.  A few times today I've opened posts depicting animal cruelty and immediately started crying.  Can we get some warning for these kinds of things?
Reddit, what is a wholesome, solitary activity that a person can do to help forget how awful and poor their current life is?
People who read the terms and conditions instead of skipping them,why?
from now on the thing to the right of you is what you use to spread butter. What are you using to spread butter?
[Serious] lawyers, what's a case you regretted winning ?
Should the USA place a "fat tax" on sugary drinks and junk food to combat obesity why or why not?
have you had sex at school, have you been caught, what has been your experience?
Had first BSOD, what should do?
What was normal to have in 2010 but not 2020?
[UPDATE] My girlfriend of 2.5 years told me if I broke up with her she would say I raped her. What can I do?
What's the biggest mistake that you regret the most making and would do anything to fix it?
How well do you sleep and what could you do to improve it?
Parents who gave their kid(s) up for adoption: Do you ever think of them?
Who was your school’s “feel good” story that made everyone smile when they succeeded?
What are the odds of getting someone pregnant who isn’t on birth control from one encounter using the pull out method?
People of Reddit, if every country rallied all their native animals together into an army and they were all put against each other, who would win and why?
Have you ever had a porn plot like experience and what was it like ?
What’s the weirdest subreddit and why?
Whats up everyone, what are the little things you do before bed that helps you get a better sleep or helps you get to sleep faster?
What's extremely difficult to stop once started?
To what degree do you see people as means to your desired ends?
What have you excessively cried over?
How do you tell a depressed friend or partner that you don’t have the mental resources to listen to them be depressed anymore, without coming across as a massive asshole?
If authors 'covered' novels, the way musicians cover songs, which covered novel would you be most excited to read?
What bit of audio from a movie can you hear vividly just by thinking about it?
What opinion of yours is very unpopular?
What's absolutely illogical but yet very common?
What fictional character do you absolutely hate?
What would be the purpose up voting a question, but not making a comment?
What’s your proudest rick roll?
If the guy that was killed by the officer was white how would people react differently?
What are you going to do with the one life you have?
How has COVID-19 affected you positively?
World travelers, what are some of the worst tourist traps you have encountered? What can be done to catch it beforehand?
People of reddit, what is the male version of a Karen?
Somebody did join a cult? If so how was/is it? Do u have any suggetions?
[Serious] Former Gang Members, what incident happened that made you realize you didn't want to be in a gang anymore?
A wizard has made you invisible. The wizard will give you $3000 if someone recognizes you. What would you do?
Males of reddit, is it true that you regret breakups a bit late and if so, why?
Dear Reddit, My family really needs some help right now.
What is one LIFE HACK you would tell somebody?
Should I let my boyfriend's pot smoking ruin our five year relationship?
How do you want to die?
You get caught with your dick inside a burger, whats your excuse?
What is unacceptable to do in video games but is fine in real life?
What’s the best way to make your house smell incredible all the time?
Which subreddit becomes 10 times funnier if it was revealed to be populated by children pretending to be adults?
Do you believe Donald Trump will be impeached, why or why not?
[Breaking News] Orlando Nightclub mass-shooting.
What are some skills you wish you started learning at a younger age?
When were your reflexes so quick that you surprised yourself?
What are questions you have about discrimination in the US but are embarrassed to ask?
What's your favourite Easter Egg/reference from any movie?
People who recline their chairs all the way on airplanes, what is that makes you an asshole?
Out of the 7.7 billion people on Earth, what do you think no one is doing right now?
What is the most hilariously inaccurate 'fact' someone has told you?
What’s your favorite vagina slang/slur?
A maniac holdS you at gunpOint and threatenS to kill you, unless you post on reddit and get above 3000 karma on that post within 24 hours. What do you post?
What is something that should be taught in school but isn’t?
Redditors who have put their genitals in or on an anthill, how did you manage to get the ants out of your urethra and other genital openings?
I'm not pro-guns or anti-guns, but fuck, if you live in a place where you need a gun to protect yourself I think it's time to move.  
How do you force your wife to become a waifu?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
Guys, what do you do when a girl wants to fight you publically? Girls, what do you do when a girlfriend wants to fight a guy publically?
Married people who are still in the closet, why?
If we dont deserve, doggos, Danny Devito ecc. Then who does?
What's your story of a big coincidence?
People who have been murdered, what happened?
What hobbies have you discovered during quarantine?
Would Quitting Smoking Cigarettes and Weed help when it comes to Athletic Performance and Endurance?
What is most useless item you carry with you all the time?
What is your default thought? When you are bored, what is the first thing you tend to fantasize about?
Normal sized people who have sex with midgets, do you ever have moments when you feel like a pedophile?
What is something that your parents did that you swore never to repeat to your own kids?
Sex addicts of reddit, what was the moment that made you realize you needed help now?
What's an American problem you're too European to understand?
What do you think about late at night?
What are your thoughts on Justin Trudeau pausing for 21 seconds when asked about Donald Trump’s response to the protests in the US?
You are 1 of 2,000,000 people asked. You get to have whatever item you want as long as no one else chooses it. What do you choose?
What's something your parents did to you that was normal at the time that you would never do to your own children?
If the first ever humans were alive 100 years earlier. How would the present day be different?
People who were Atheist but now Christian, what made you change?
What's a movie you completely misunderstood as a child?
If the headline "Celebrity outed as serial killer" appeared, who would you expect it to be about?
What is the most savage way to reject an ex girlfriend who cheated and now wants to come back?
What happened today that made you happy?
What are the not so obvious signs of depression?
How did you notice you had a parasitic worm sitting in your intestins, eating your insides?
Step fathers of Reddit, what did you 18 year old step daughters get you for Father’s Day?
who's got your vote for 2020?
Can we please stop with the accent shit. Seriously reddit this is ridiculous. 
How are you today? And why, what happened?
Atheists of reddit, how do you reconcile your religious views with living around the Biblical 7-day weekly cycle?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
People that still support Trump as President, what’s your reasoning behind it?
People who spell it “loose” instead of “lose,” how is it even possible to make that mistake so frequently?
Which cancelled tv show do you wish would come back?
For how many years have you been jobless?
The people of Reddit and the world in general, how are you doing today?
80-90% of kids are born into third world or undeveloped countries. What is another fact that is disturbing to people, yet no one talks about?
What is the best cryptocurrency?
How do you deal with people who openly hate the government and the country, as if there's no difference between them?
[Serious] What secret are you hiding from your family?
What’s a major incident that happened in your school?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
Your username is your sexual fantasy, what is your kink?
Who touched you? And Where?
Women, is 4,8" penis enough for you? What positions would be impossible or inconvenient?
What does true love feel like?
So, why haven't you told your crush how you feel?
What is the most satisfying, non-sexual feeling?
Ex-trump supporters, what was the moment you realized you didn’t want to vote for Donald Trump in 2020?
Liberals who are now republicans, what made you switch?
What are your top 5 movies?
[Serious] What is stopping you from killing yourself?
Foodbloggers of reddit: why do you write a novel before actually showing the recipe on your blog?
People who used to say, "All Lives Matter," what finally got you to say, "Black Lives Matter"?
What's your favorite type of food?
How do you feel about the LGBT community having to add a + or a hand full of other letters?
How would you rate President Trump’s response to the coronavirus outbreak this year?
What is your kinky fetish? Why?
Do Americans Actually Think Their Date Format Is Practical?
You get to curse someone you don’t like, It has to be a minor inconvenience but it will last forever. What do you choose?
People who hate there job, what keeps you motivated?
What advice would you give to a 22 year old who is about to start on his new job after college?
Who is the most likely person to snap and attack Donald Trump with their bare hands on live tv?
What normal everyday item has a second use most people don't know about?
Non Americans, What would be the Area 51 or Bigfoot equivalent of your country?
You’re 6 years old, wake up in the middle of the night, go to the kitchen for water, after getting your water, you hear a shotgun being pumped, turn around, see Barney (turns out he’s real) standing there with the shotgun aimed at you, and he says “you’re next on my hit list friend”, what do you do?
[NSFW] People of reddit, is there any reason as to why men tend to make fewer audible noises during any sexual activity, while women do the exact opposite?
Women with penises, how different is it than being a man with a penis?
People who have been in a coma, what was it like from your perspective? Did you know you were in a coma?
What subreddits do you feel were great in concept but never got the attention they deserved, and why?
What If Every Dream Is a Memory From a Past Life?
We all know about red flags but what are some yellow flags in relationships?
Men of Reddit, how would your masturbation practices change if every time you came, one giant, man-sized sperm came out (and you had to kill it before it killed you)?
As a non American why are all fox new anchors racist?
When did arguing everyone's opinions become the norm ?
Redditors, when did you first discover your love of unwiped grannies? NSFW
[Serious] People who have not experienced racism and therefore (might) have trouble relating, how do you look at the protests that happen around the world?
Italy is shaped like a boot, but what other countries look like objects?
People who have won arguments with their parents , How ?
How likely is a 2nd American Civil War, and what will be the catalyst?
How did you meet your childhood friend?
Which common phrases are usually manipulation attempts?
If posting "if ... was a game, what would be the loading screen tips?" questions was a game, what would be the loading screen tips?
New Zealand is officially covid free, as of today. What's your reaction?
[Serious] Gamers of Reddit, given all the hate that The Last Of Us part 2 is getting, how did you find it personally?
Your income is now strictly based on your average sexual performance, how ya livin'?
Without naming it, what's your nationality?
How can you get so many upvotes?
What are the BLM protests like?
Without telling the name, what's your favorite movie?
What’s the weirdest crush you’ve had?
what are the downsides of weed that people don't talk about ?
When is the right time to tell the dog that it was adopted?
Is this what Reddit was like when it was first started?
If you were to write a book, what would be the title?
If WWIII and the apocalypse comes, what will be the currency of the future?
What is the best book you've ever read?
People who’ve stayed in less-than-fulfilling relationships who eventually got out — what finally made you leave?
How was your first day of 2020 compared to this day?
Besides eating cereal with water what is the most outrageous "eating sin" you have ever witnessed?
People who use MS edge over google, what the fuck is wrong with you?
What the hell is Juneteenth?
What's the pettiest thing you've done that actually worked?
If you could meet a celebrity dead or alive who would it be and why?
People who have enough confidence to call themselves cute/hot, how do you do that?
What happens if you go swimming in a cup of coffee but you're lactose intolerant?
What is something that sucks about your age?
If games like Grand Theft Auto cause violence and the board game Monopoly causes Capitalist exploitation, what problems do other popular games cause?
Fat Redditors, why are you fat?
How would you go about creating a news feed based on Latino issues and modern Latin American news?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
What’s your opinion on raising minimum wage to $15 an hour across United States?
People who like Will Ferrell, why?
Have you ever pee'd on someone or been pee'd on? How was the experience?
What happened at your work which caused multiple people to all quit at once?
When you hear "she/he is the biggest popstar" which popstar comes first on your mind?
People who cheated on their spouses and didn't get caught. Do you feel guilty?
What if 2020 is just a trailer of 2021?
If you were a taco, what would your fillings be?
What is something in YOUR life that is SUPER FUCKING AWESOME?
What’s your reason for downvoting when you do?
Trump voters, do you already regret your decision? Why/why not?
Why are you browsing the "new" page of askreddit right now?
Hispanic gay bottoms, why do some of you act as though you will die without dick?
How do you stop that awkward moment when, you're in a noisy group of people and all of a sudden it goes dead quiet and everyone can hear what you're saying?
People who have met their online friends, what made you instantly regret it?
What do you dip your fries in?
People who don’t change the toilet paper roll when it’s empty...WHY?
Black or white? Why?
For the teens of reddit. How did you get a gf?
What was the most idiotic instant regret moment of your life?
(SERIOUS) Doctors of reddit, what was the most shocking case of “oh I thought that was normal” you’ve seen in a patient?
What are you good at, but hate doing?
Men of Reddit, what’s the hardest thing to explain to women?
What's something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
If there was an irl televised battle royal like the hunger games but played by consenting adults, would you watch it? Why/why not?
The last text you sent is what you scream when you're about to cum. What is it?
Students of reddit what is the most *sshole thing a teacher has done?
Pornhub premium members of reddit, was the purchase worth it and what are the benefits and downsides to it?
What youtuber do you think gets way too much views and subscribers despite their repetitive/lazy/boring or bad content?
What would you like to clear up with the FBI agent watching you?
To every redditor who feels lonely: Hi, how was your day?
What is your favorite “poor taste” joke?
What’s a lie most people believe in?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the type of gamer that you can't stand?
Your username is the answer. What is the question?
What do you wish you had in high school that kids have today?
What would it be like to have sex with Jenny/XJ-9?
What’s the worst thing Neil Armstrong could’ve said when he stepped on the moon?
You wake up and realize that you are the only one left on Reddit. What is the first thing you do?
[Serious] When did COVID-19 get real for you?
What are some underrated combinations?
People of Reddit, what was the time you saw someone reach 100 degrees Karenheight?
if you had a cult, what would be the biggest rule to not break?
Why do you like/dislike tiktok?
What does 1 HP of damage in real life?
People of reddit ,what is your view or opinion on people falling in love or liking a fictional character?
Men of reddit, what is something women will just never understand?
(Serious) The UK has left the European Union, if you voted Brexit, why? How will it benefit you personally?
Your username is the basis for a new movie, what is the plot?
What did you do during the great Reddit outage of 2015?
What’s the most Karen thing you’ve ever seen?
Husbands and wives of the police officers that are out at the protests how do you feel knowing your spouse may show up in a video of abuse of peaceful protesters?
How the F U C K are doing today, you handsome sons of bitches?
What completely made up fact, if true, would totally change history?
What's the first thing you're going to do after the coronavirus ends?
Redditors that enjoy content but don't upvote, what is your problem?
What didn't you learn in sex ed that should have been taught?
Gamers of reddit, what is your honest opinion on the last of us 2?
Bullies of Reddit, Why do you leave mean comments?
If you were given a device that could show you everyone who has ever had a crush on you without your knowledge, would you use it? Why or why not?
What are your favourite Philosophical, funny or interesting quotes?
What is something that blows your mind every time you think about it?
You find the porno doppelganger of someone you know, what do you do with this?
The Pope slapped a woman on day 1 of 2020, world war III is trending on day 2, what will happen on day 3?
What’s the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning ?
What's the best experience you've had in a hotel?
People who speak English as a second language, what phrases or concepts from your native tongue you want to use in English but can't because locals wouldn't understand?
Redditors of Redditing Reddit, how Reddited are your Redditing experiences of Reddit with a Redditor on Reddit that posts Reddit content on Reddit?
If you could have sex with a reptile, what would it be?
What’s the one part of your hobby that you hate doing?
It's 2019. Shouldn't we be done calling it cross-dressing and just call it what it is, wearing clothes, no different than anyone else? What do you think?
Hello, why isn't this water farmer's juice? What do you think?
[Serious] Everybody has a dark side. What is yours like?
People who lost a friend for a fight, what happened? Did you make up?
What does it feel like to get nutted in?
Hi, you are in a rock floating in space, how do you feel abut that?
When someone close to you loses a loved one, what's better to say than "I'm sorry"?
I'm in a very awkward position and I know most redditors will hate me for existing, let alone saying this... But I'm being bullied at school because I'm a Christian.  What can I do to cope with this?
NSFW. What's the most unusual place you had sex at?
Artists of Reddit, what do y’all do when you feel like your creative credibility is slowly diminishing?
What's the cringiest thing you've seen/read?
[SERIOUS] What's the worst thing you've seen go down at a funeral?
People who don't like country music, what country songs do you like?
What’s do you love ❤️ most about your current relationship?
Nobody can jump anymore, how would life change?
What is your "I put that on everything" thing?
Reddit, what are some relatively harmless things that annoy or bother you WAY more than they should?
Redditors that find an interest in all these sex-related AskReddit posts, why are you so horny?
The closest orange object is the cause of your death - how do you die?
Do you hate cops? Why or why not?
[Serious]What's the best thing that happened as a result of the worst day of your life?
What’s the weirdest band name you’ve ever heard?
Flat earther's why do you think the earth is flat. And can you please show proof?
You are offered $10,000,000 to put the last thing you took a photograph of up your ass. Do you accept? Why or why not?
Redditors who live in smaller flats without a garden, what do you do to make it a lovely place to live?
What is the last song you played?
Ex-Simps of Reddit, when did you snap out of it?
Americans, what do you think of your president?
What says a lot about a person?
What Do you think about lord of the rings?
What’s more sexual than sex?
Masseuses of reddit, have you ever had a client who got an erection? What happened?
Is the movie "Taken" (2008) worth watching?
What monetary (or other) compensation would it take for you to do porn?
What’s the most badass thing you’ve accidentally said in the heat of the moment?
What can you say as a serial killer and also during sex?
What's your favorite time to go to the Jim? Why?
[serious] They say everyone we meet is fighting a battle we know nothing about... so we should always be kind. What battle are you fighting?
Your a criminal. You can't take anything from the house you are in, but you can only inconvenience the home owners. (EX: Taking all the labels off the cans) What are you doing to inconvenience them?
How do you manage to go through the hardest time of your life?
If 2020 was a movie title, which one would it be?
If you could squirt condiments out of each of your fingers on one hand only and those were the only condiments you could have for the rest of your life...what condiments would you choose?
Redditors who, after all this, still support trump, why?
Who makes elevator/ hold music?
What’s the most amazing thing about the universe?
Let's pretend violent video games teach you to use a gun to kill people. What other skills have you inconspicuously picked up playing video games?
What are the pros and cons of eating a delicious ham and pineapple pizza?
If you had a chance to have sex with a pregnant woman what would you do?
What cheesy or b-level movie is your favourite guilty pleasure?
People who've used so called hard drugs, how was it?
What was something that you had a dream about and then it happened in the real life?
Who are the milfiest milfs in movies?
People who dislike youtube videos for no reason, why?
Imagine if sex was officially (and legally) a competitive sport, shown on ESPN, with each pro "athlete" earning millions of dollars anually. All that good shit is why you decided to become a master of sex. What will be your training regimen?
What is happening in the US?
Ppl of reddit, what would you do if you have any kinda power to produce as many as children you want?
Dear black women of reddit that are dating white men. What are we missing? Is there something we can do to be better?
What's the best way to stop being lonely?
What's one nostalgic kids show you would definitely make yiur children watch?
What do you think is the best way to teach someone how to read?
What's something you did as a child that still makes you cringe?
Your username is suddenly a creature. What is it?
Has white washing in mainstream media effected you? How?
What was your “they’re not gay?!” Moment?
How common is it for large BMs to cause bleeding?
The guards at Area 51 allow you to take home anything you want, but you have to put it in your ass first. What do you take home?
[Serious] What are some good alternatives to reddit?
What TV shows in the 2000s is lowkey racist,but was still awesome as fuck?
What are your favourite songs with non-English lyrics?
What simple curse would be the worst to bear?
Reddit, WHAT IS LOVE?
What would a world without laws be like?
if you could pick 3 ITEMS ONLY at a store to make the cashier as uncomfortable as possible, what would you buy?
Guys, your best friend's penis is bitten by a snake on a camping trip; you eagerly spring into action sucking the poison out - ten minutes later he admits it was just a prank, how do you react? [nsfw]
What is the best type of question to pose on r/AskReddit?
People who go well below the speed limit and speed up when someone tries to overtake, why?
Did you ever have a "thing" that people knew you for (something you'd always wear, a catchphrase, etc)? If so, what was it?
Male Architects of reddit that design urinals with no spacing, why?
What movies were good only because of the side characters?
People who help the homeless, please describe other ways besides giving money?
What is the stupidest thing anyone has ever said to you?
What are some good subreddits you can troll in?
Did you ever have a moment where you thought you would die? Why?
Daughters of reddit, what is something you wish your father knew about girls when you were growing up?
Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
Redditors who used to be Flat Earthers, what changed your mind?
If you had a screenshot of a person's dumb comment, would you post it? If so, where?
People who write “u” instead of “you”, what fo you do with all that time you’ve saved?
Redditor's of reddit, since it has become apparent that 90% of all males have shown their best friend their penis... Do you prefer to use he contraction "you're not" or "you aren't"?
What are you seriously tired of hearing baby boomers say?
Redditors who are married to someone with an identical twin: what are your feelings towards that twin?
If someone offered you 500k lump sum to take Cold Showers and baths for the rest of your life.. would you do it and why?
If you were sent back in time to the Medieval era, whats something practical you could explain to them that would advance their society that you wouldn't have to Google?
How far along are you on your screenplay about the soccer team stuck in the cave, and how are you planning to whitewash the story?
Parents of Reddit, what is the best "weird flex but ok" moment you've seen from your child?
Professor Stephen Hawking has passed away at the age of 76
[Serious] Non-American's of Reddit, what's your experience with riots in your country? How are they similar/different than the George Floyd demonstrations?
What is the best drink ever ?
What is the most creative way to say “get fucked”?
Famous people of Reddit, who are you? Do you like being famous or hate it?
Hope this isn't offensive but how do people date identical twins without mixing up who is who?
virgins of Reddit, why are you still a virgin?
You go back in time to the year 0 to help advance civilisation. What simple thing would you show them?
What "black market" did kids at your school run?
People who spam in group chats, why?
How do you feel about the fact that being gay is kinda gay?
What makes you the most optimistic about the future?
Money doesn’t grow on trees, but what do you wish would?
Averted a shit storm in my math class today and nobody will know (except you)
What's a song you love but would be embarrassed by if your friends knew you listened to it?
What's your favorite memory from Obama's presidency?
Cops of reddit, what’s the most bullshit sounding excuse you got that actually turned out to be true?
Workers of Reddit, what was the laziest thing you did because you were underpaid?
What should be an app, but isn't?
Cops of Reddit how do you feel about anti cop messages?
What age does youth ends and middle age begin?
What is the most gay thing going on currently in the world ?
Employers and teachers of Reddit, what's the most ridiculous excuse an employee or student has given for being late?
With Aunt Jemima syrup no longer what other insensitive products still exist?
What's the most cringeworthy thing you or someone you know has done?
What is your favorite "so bad it's good" movie?
Women of Reddit what is a question you have for the men of Reddit?
Who is best girl?
Fedora wearers of reddit... why?
What would people take more seriously if it had a different name?
Men with an anime girl as your profile picture, why?
What’s the stupidest (and/or dangerous) thing you did as a child looking back now?
How can you get a boyfriend?
You find Rey from Star Wars Episode VII passed out drunk: with a Sharpie marker, what do you write on her big forehead?
What's your number 1 rule in your life?
What would you do if being straight became illegal?
Who's your most favorite villain?
(Serious) Stop scrolling for a second, how are you today?
Why is it okay for a person of color to call a white person a “cracker” or any other derogatory term, but when a white person calls a person of color a derogatory term its a literal sin?
Whats holding you back from giving rough gay sex a crack in 2020?
People who respond to this post, why?
My friend secretly changed my ringtone to the "nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga" song. Then he called me while I was in a restaurant filled with black people. What was the most "oh my god let me explain"/"context needed" situation you have been in?
What is something that if everyone started doing today, the world would be a better place?
What are some of the most toxic or potentially dangerous ideas/beliefs that have been perpetuated by Redditors?
Redditors who sort by New, why do you do it?
What’s the greatest contribution to the arts and why is it “Honky Tonk Badonkadonk” by Trace Adkins?
What's your favorite movie quote?
British people of Reddit who attended the BLM protests, will you be pushing for protests against terrorism in GB after latest the latest terror attacks if not why not?
If coming up with a question for AskReddit were a video game, what would some of the loading screen tips be?
Girls of reddit, which are the signals that we (boys) DO usually get?
People of Reddit, have you ever ruined someone’s life, and if so How did you ruin their life?
BF wants me to masturbate for him. Do guys actually find this hot?
Dungeon Masters of Reddit, what’s the weirdest crap you’ve seen players do?
You have been appointed Gosh, God's assistant for smaller, less serious everyday business. What are some of your policies and if neccessary, how do you explain them to/conceal them from your boss?
Democrats who voted on Hillary but now support Trump, what made you change your mind?
What is your biggest regret in life? [Serious] [NSFW]
What game or event made you get into gaming?
What are English words you often hear but do not know the meaning of?
What social mistake did you make that haunts you at night?
What is the most superior baked good?
Would you kill and eat your pet for $10,000,000? Why or why not?
Now that the 2010s decade is ending, which trends are the most regrettable?
What are the signs there is sexual trafficking involved in a porno?
What is the best advice you've ever received throughout your career?
Fathers of Reddit, what's it like having a hot daughter?
Doctors who have been in an “is anybody here a doctor?” situation, what happened?
What do you do when you feel too privileged?
What do you think your last words will be?
How you sexy people doing today??
People who fix bad tattoos, what is the funniest/worst story of a bad tattoo?
How do YOU make instant ramen better?
Is it just me, or is atheism becoming a religion?
People who will vote for Trump , what are your reasons ?
If everybody is hurting, who is actually hurting everybody?
If you could remove one group of people from the face of the Earth, who would it be and why?
Who remembers that time a group of flat earthers accidentally proved to themselves the earth is round?
People who have been in movies and shows, what's something you didn't realize about the industry while being on set?
Ruin a band name by taking away, adding, or changing a letter. What does it come out as?
If you were ultra-rich, what frivolous service would you pay for?
People of Reddit how do you feel about the mob trying to put a innocent officer to death?
What if you die early and reborn as your grandson and still remember your past life , what you all gonna do?
What is your favourite film using only a quote?
What would an acceptable alternative to mint be for toothpaste flavour?
What business do you feel like is secretly a front for something else?
Do pedos get arrested for being attracted to children and not even acting on there urges? If so why?
You get one wish, but 70% of the entire population also gets exactly what you wished for. What’s the wish?
What's your favorite old song?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
Your ex is now standing outside where you live. What would you do?
Americans who support Trump or used to, why do you still support him even with all the accusations of crimes, or what was the last straw that made you not support him anymore?
Artists, writers and musicians of reddit whose work got interpretated or analysed, did they get you?
Forget your username- what's the story of your profile picture?
What is something you can tell Reddit but not your own family?
People who work at sandwich places like Subway, what was the weirdest sandwich someone’s asked for?
If Western countries are so racist, why do people from all over the world want to move to them?
I do not like Quentin Tarantino. What other unpopular opinions do you have that you've had to defend/get berated for?
What do you think about that the Karl Marx statues should be taken down for creating a ideology that killed millions?
Let's suppose, we are given a chance to write a screenplay that is guaranteed to be a show... What topics does your tv show explore?
What's the first message you have ever sent in any message platforms?
Students who have slept with a teacher, what was it like?
What was the worst punishments your parents have ever gave you?
Sex workers of REDDIT, have any of you ever had sex with a close friend or family member? What was the experience like, and how did it affect your interactions with them?
what was the worst thing to have entered your mouth?
What was "the incident" in your high school?
Aside from "I'm good" or "I'm fine", what are some unconventional ways in responding to "How are you?"
What are some movies that flopped but were actually good?
Why do you believe in God?
How do you make the perfect catapult with stuff from home?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Replace one word from your favorite movie quote with "penis". What do you have now?
Do you think landlords should be open to being lenient on rent in a crisis like this (pending proof of lack of employment)? Why/why not?
What is the weirdest exotic food you've tasted?
Non-virgins of Reddit, how?
Psychiatrists/Mental Health Experts of Reddit: What does Trump's dejected walk and behavior after the disappointing Tulsa rally say to you about the impressions from many mental health professionals that Trump suffers from a narcissistic personality disorder?
ZooKeepers of Reddit,what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do to an animal?
What "life hack" did you try, but totally failed?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
What's your favorite reddit inside joke/story, besides that guy's dead wife?
When you think about the “good old days” what comes to mind?
D&amp;D Dungeon Masters of Reddit: What is the most useless magical item you've ever given your party and how did they use it?
Trump supporters, why do you think people hate on trump?
What's a fun little fact about yourself?
What is something you've heard someone say, that actually left you speechless?
The angry mob tears down statues of the founding fathers. Will they also burn books only because they don't like the author or the content? What do you think?
People who drink milk by itself, how do you cope with being constantly misunderstood and berated by those not chosen to be able partake in such a glorious activity?
What felt like a useless piece of advice until you actually tried it?
Which country you represent here?
TSA and American Airlines caused my husband and I to miss our flight and subsequently our honeymoon cruise as well, costing us THOUSANDS of dollars!!!
It is 2021 and corona virus is under control. Our views on lives may never be the same. What types of things will you do differently in your life personally, socially, or spiritually?
Grab a book and turn to page 24. The first line describes your sex life. What is it?
[Serious] People affected by the visa ban: how can we help you?
What was your 'Bruh' moment?
We need to give equal importance to Mental Fitness as we do Physical Fitness. So like physical exercise, what are some good "mental exercises"?
Why did JK Rowling tweet that anyway? What is the context or in response to?
What is the sex?
People who comment “lmao” on posts. Why?
what would u do if u saw your crush spit on a homeless person's face?
People of Reddit, why do you upvote and never comment?
People that were alive September 11th, 2001, what do you remember from that day?
[Serious] If 4x elected FDRoosevelt got away with committing lncest, why not legalize lncest?
What do you think happens when you die?
How do you feel about removing the prohibition of the state from considering race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public education, and public contracting?
What would you and your clone get into a fight about?
How do Chris Brown's fans justify his abusing Rihanna?
Redditors, how would you feel about a ban of “How would you feel about banning ____ questions” questions?
what are good reasons to live?
What is the odd thing that really turns you on?
What celebrities have a mean persona, but are actually really kind?
People that comment but don't upvote, why?
Anonymous on Twitter has exposed the royal family, the president, and more in only 12 hours. Do you think they will be exposing even more people soon and who?
What is your favorite video game and what is it from (nintendo, ps, etc.)?
which are the best ways to make money as a youtube?
Women of reddit, what penis size do you consider small, enough and large?
How/why do POC go to church/believe in jesus? How do you accept a culture that was beaten into your ancestors?
People who have seen a family member on a porn site, whats your story and did you tell them?
What do you do to make a living, but make it scary?
Happily married (for 15+ yrs) couples of Reddit... How would you describe the role sex has played in the maintenance of your marriage? Has it become more / less important to you since the earlier years, and how has your view of it changed with time?
They say you can find anything on the Internet. What is THAT you looked for, but never found it?
What is the happiest memory you have with your dad?
If you could own an entire planet what would you call it?
If you've experienced an on-again, off-again relationship, what made you leave for good?
Reddit, who exactly are you, and what do you do for a living?
Whats a good question to ask on this subreddit?
females of reddit, do you prefer blue collar tradesmen who do physical work or white collar men?
What do you call a male Karen?
Should the character of Cap’n Crunch be retired due to being an offensive stereotypical depiction of a late 18th century naval captain, why or why not?
How would you feel if the only thing we knew about presidential candidates was their stance on issues...no information on party, name, gender, race, or religious beliefs (or lack thereof)?
Whats your best "this isn't happening, I must be dreaming" moment?
What happened at the bachelor/bachelorette party that drove the couple to cancel the wedding?
People of reddit, what's the most awkward social encounter you've ever experienced and why?
Men of Reddit , in what circumstance did you accidentally cum ?
Thrift shop workers of reddit, has business change since Macklemore's song ? if so, in what way ?
If Stephen Colbert ran for President of the United States, would you vote for him? Why or why not?
[Serious] If you were dating/in love with someone and you found out that they were a vivid/stern Trump supporter would that be a dealbreaker for you, why or why not?
Blind people or reddit, how is it being blind?
People who caught someone on the act of attempting to commit suicide, how did you convince them not to do it and how are they now?
Married men of reddit: what was that dumb thing you did during your dating phase that you can’t believe your wife ended up overlooking?
If Jeff Bezos decided to share his fortune with everyone on the planet, what would you do with your $17.50?
People who fell in love with their boss, what's the story?
If you could travel through all the TV channels like Timmy in Channel Chasers, which one would you spend the most time in?
People who have met a real "Karen", WTF happened?
[Serious] Therapists of Reddit, what are some Red Flags we should look for in therapists?
People who comment “This” when they agree with something, why?
Who the fuck is Neil and why is his arm so god damn strong?
[serious] Transgender people of Reddit, what things can cis people do to make your lives easier? Also what small things do cis people overlook?
Flat Earthers, this is your moment. Why do you support the theory ?
What’s the time you’ve heard someone speaking about some thing you’re knowledgeable in and thought to yourself “this person has no idea what they’re talking about “?
Adult children of helicopter parents, how do you deal with them now?
Porn production crew members of Reddit, what’s the grossest smell you have encountered in your professional career?
Photographers of Reddit: What is the most outrageous photo shoot request you have received from an Instagram "influencer"?
To people who got back with their ex and made it work, how did you guys start talking again? How long have you guys been together now?
If movies had a comment section similar to YouTube, what would the top comment be on your favorite movie?
Is it bad to show LGBTQ+ characters on children shows?
[NSFW] Who is Your favourite Porn Star?
What happened to the quiet kids in your class?
When midgets smoke weed, do they get high or do they get medium?
Pepole who only upvote but dont leave a comment why?
What on earth god was thinking when he sent corona ?
What is the most annoying question you are sick of seeing again and again on this sub?
What is your go-to never-fail joke?
What's broken in your office that you just can't be bothered to report?
You're entering a dating scene dressed like a large pencil, what pickup lines will draw someone in?
What do you get when you replace one word from a movie title with the word "penis" ?
If you were playing hide and go seek, why would where you are; be the greatest hiding spot?
What is an amazing sports game that can be downloaded for free?
Why is there so much hate on Reddit for China, when there are many communist countries?
What was your “I was too busy thinking about whether I could that I didn’t think about whether I should” moment?
What do you need a compliment on that would make your day better?
How do you sleep? Naked, in underwear, in pajamas or other?
What is Canada doing right that United States is failing at?
What is an object all designers use?
As a german who just saw the daily show for the first time: Americans...wtf?
Your username is how you'll die. How do you die?
Dead people of reddit, Hows Life?
Why do I need karma? Newbie to Reddit. 
[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
Women of Reddit, since you don't poop, where does everything go?
What is a small thing that makes your day a lot better?
Hey Reddit, what's the strangest coincidence you've ever personally experienced?
If science fiction became a reality, what would their science fiction be?
What is your favorite knock-off brand?
What is wrong with USA?
If women got pregnant by swallowing semen, and nature evolved males into having flavored wieners to promote oral, what safeguards would dongs evolve to stop over aggressive eating women from chomping down and biting it off?
which are the less or not afflicted countries from the COVID?
[Serious] How do you stop procrastinating?
How would you feel about lowering the drinking age to 18 or 19 to help small businesses stay open?
[serious] People who escaped from a abusive household, how is your life now?
People who are voting for Trump 2020, why?
People who kill bugs, do you feel bad? Why, or why not?
people who have legally killed someone, what's your story?
What game are you really good at?
Where to find Rob Thomas' shirt that he is wearing in Smooth Video Clip?
What’s a "Let that sink in" fun fact?
What objectively positive things, if any, has Donald Trump done for his country during his presidency?
What are some deep, thought provoking questions to ask someone to know them better?
How can you get your wife/gf to stop fingering your ass while you sleep?
Based on how we’ve been going so far, what’s going to happen in July?
What was the "monster under your bed" as a child?
What's worse, someone who beats children or someone who beats animals?
Hello internet! What are some amazing names that you can come up with for a fake condom brand?
Men of reddit, What is a good way to make the woman you are following at night on the sidewalk know that you mean her no harm?
Do the people who say that the kids in cages should have come here legally, also think the Jews trying to flee Germany should have applied to legally get into Poland, France etc?
What are you 99.95% sure of?
What according to you is the ideal lifetime of a meme?
Which one of these do you sort by: best, hot, new, top, controversial, or rising?
[SERIOUS] When you look in the mirror, what do you see? Do you see yourself? Or do you see something else?
What's your 'HOLY SH!T IT WORKS!' moment?
You are having sex and the person who you are have sex with says “talk dirty to me, but don’t curse” what do you say?
[Serious] What was the craziest thing that happened at your school?
If your username killed you how would your death go?
people who donate a lot of money to streamers, whats your job? why are you so generous?
How do you calm yourself down when life gets too intense?
What movie clearly sucks but is enjoyable because of it?
Snitches of reddit why did you do it and what was it about?
What is something that is normalized in society when in reality is horrific?
Which song never gets old?
Waiters, what is an order that stuck with you?
[Nsfw] Girls of reddit, what is that one thing that makes all the difference before/during/after sex ?
People who have seen their parents having sex,what did you do,what did they do,and how old were you and what did you think of them afterwards?
Where's the most awkward place you've gotten horny?
What if we start a petition: Keanu Reeves for president?
Minneapolis has decided to dismantle the police force there. What’s a viable option, in your opinion, to an armed police force?
Reddit, can a lonely guy get a happy birthday?
People who wear sunglasses when there’s no sun above you, why?
The last thing you Googled is cuming to kill you. How well Will you do in that fight?
When will the first “COVID” centric romance movie be released and who will star in it?
Men of Reddit, what is the story behind you becoming the "crazy ex"?
Former atheists, what made you believe?
Redditors who cook, whats the biggest 'no no' thing in cooking?
What is the worst place to be caught jerking off?
Non religious people what made you go, “ this logic is so flawed how do people still believe this”?
Managers of Reddit, what’s the funniest excuse you’ve heard when an employee didn’t show up for work?
What was the best thing someone ever told you ?
Escape Room workers of Reddit, whats the most absurd thing players have done?
How do you think your government /president is handling COVID-19 and why?
If you can choose your gender, why cant you choose your race?
How would you feel if Joe from family guy had his own show?
What was the WORST day you've ever had?
What's that one product that is completely worth your money?
If someone offered you $2m to watch one movie for 48 hours straight, could you do it and what would it be?
What is something that you could practice for 1 hour max every day, for an entire year and by the end of the year you'd be an expert in?
Let me get this straight. Atheism is banned from the default reddit list because it is offensive but a subreddit called trees which promotes the use of an illegal drug is in the top automatic subreddits list when registering?
Would you accept to become a 20 year old again,but you keep all your current memories and skills? Why or why not?
You get a billion dollars if you can start a massive argument at your family's Thanksgiving dinner. What's your game plan?
How do you stop your friends from sticking their toes in your ass at school?
Every month in 2020 has had a theme, what is the theme for June and July?
How was your first kiss?
Would you have watched the truman show? Why, or why not?
People of Reddit if you could be the best at one thing what would it be?
Women of reddit, what size is small, too small, big or too big? How can a man properly wield his dong based on his size to make penis in vagina sex pleasurable and comfortable?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what's the weirdest piece a client has asked you to do?
People who work in law enforcement, what is work like right now?
If you wanted to get the most downvotes possible, what would you say? NSFW
What is a 100% guaranteed way of getting onto the Reddit front page?
Tourist of Reddit, What Horrifying Experience Happened While Away From Home?
Zeus has decided that Olympus feels a little empty, so he’s recruited some new gods. However, due to a clerical error, you have been chosen as a new member of the divine. What are you the god of, and what do you do as your first godly act?
(NSFW) what's the gayest thing that happened at a sleepover when you were younger?
Which actors turned down a roll that ended up being huge blockbusters?
People who wear shorts outside during the winter, why?
Ethically speaking, why a woman touching a mans private parts is considered as funny and OK and it's not considered as harassment?
Why won’t you watch any YouTube videos posted by yours truly?
What makes life worth living?
Minecraft players of Reddit, if Minecraft had laws, what would they be?
People of Reddit, what is the best way to get high amounts of likes?
Which foreign song that you enjoy listenning to so much but you don't understnd a single word of it?
It’s late at night your girlfriend asks you to role play you say yes the scene is 1348 England the black death has ravaged the city there is not enough supplies, you need to kill someone in your family who do you choose and why?
What are some healthy alternative snacks to junk food that are not expensive?
What Are the Most Creative/Imaginative Subs You Frequent?
What did you think you were really good at until you saw someone who was *actually* really good at it?
(SERIOUS) What broke you but made you stronger?
What is an podcast everyone should know about and why?
To what extent do influencers have the responsibility to speak upon racial/political matters?
People who got drunk before turning 18, why how and when?
What needs five parts to become a pentalogy, six parts to become a sextet, and seven parts to become a heptalogy - and more than this too?
WHY DO PEOPLE ANSWER QUESTIONS IN AN ASKREDDIT THREAD BUT NOT UPVOTE IT?
People of reddit. What's the dumbest arguement you've ever had?
To all light mode users, how can you handle such brightness?
What popular food do you find disgusting?
What's the most disgusting way to prank and scar someone for the rest of their life?
So, Bernie-or-Bust people who didn't vote for Hillary, how are you feeling now?
If youtube was shutting down its website and they gave you one last chance to watch a single video, what would it be?
You get a million dollars and you have to spend them to change the world for the better, what do you do?
What's the best possible way to stop a boner?
What is that one fact you know that always makes people respond "And why the fuck do YOU know that"?
How would you console someone who is crying?
To people who moan during sex/masturbation why?
Jojo fans of Reddit. You get stand based on things you fear. What is it and what are its stats and abilities?
What free things available on the internet should everyone take advantage of?
If there was a company that did historical tours via time travel, what trips would be in high demand?
What is something that everyone should fear but they don’t?
If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest? 

If you were to pick ANYBODY on Earth (excluding yourself) to be president for eternity, who would it be?
Men of Reddit, what are your opinions on toxic masculinity, or the idea that men can not be vulnerable/emotional, show platonic affection to other men, etc?
[Serious] Parents of murderers, how do you see your child now?
What do you think about death? Is it a satisfaction? Or the opposite?
If you watch forest gump form Jenny's perspective, it's about a girl whose only friend is a stupid boy who falls in love with her but gets annoyingly clingy and punches all her boyfriends. What movies are less inspiring when flipped around?
What if Google was a dating site and it matched people based on their search histories?
[NSFW] If you replace any word on any movie title with the word "anus", what u got?
What is a CD?
You break into people’s houses you hate, but instead of taking things you leave things to piss them off, what do you leave?
Which is your favourite couple in Tv show/Movie?
Hello America! Why does your police suck?
What is your favorite single line of lyrics from a song?
What video game/Pop Culture character had to suffer the most?
Homophobes that "turned gay", what's your story?
Pansexuals of reddit, how is it like being attracted to pans?
[Serious] Trans people of reddit who have "changed the plumbing", do you have a cisgender buddy to show you the ropes and teach you the unspoken rules of the Bro Code or Sisterhood?
People who give Reddit Awards, why?
People who light off fireworks every single night, did you ever realize other people have jobs to go to in the morning why or why not?
People of reddit. Did you find love playing a video game? If so what happened?
I think that exercising free speech to offend someone's beliefs is not activism, it's being a jerk. Agree or disagree in this case?
Certain foods have a “correct” way of eating them. What are some wrong ways to eat those foods?
Girls of reddit when did you see your first penis? How did you react to it?
What are some good cities to visit in the US if one is very interested in experiencing some ratchet ass shit?
Whats a simple and cheap meal a college student could practice making to get ready for college?
What's the best thing about life?
people who give people awards , why do you do it?
what is your funniest dnd story?
What is it like to be the top post on Reddit?
Straight men of reddit, why did you suck on that cock?
What is an actually good way to die?
Since Osama is dead can you americans get your troops home and start funding NASA properly again? (you did way better in space than in iraq)
Are we seriously going to end up with Hillary or Trump as the next president? How did this happen?
Germans, why are you so adamant about teaching German IN German?
Disneyland and Disney World employees of Reddit: what's your raunchiest sex story involving yourself as a costumed character?
If you had to listen to only one artist for the rest of your life who would you listen to?
Which Sherlock Holmes is your favorite? Robert Downey Jr. or Benedict Cumberbatch?
Fathers of reddit. In honor of Father’s Day, what was your “don’t tell your mother about this” moment?
Who was the best serial killer?
What is the worst effort of a comeback you ever heard?
People who are having a good year this 2020. How?
What is a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
Funeral organisers of Reddit, what are the weirdest or most unique funerals you have organised?
How do you call an American without guns?
Criminals who have been criminaling for so long what criminal did you criminal and while criminaling what criminaled?
Doctors of reddit, what was the most shocking case of “oh I thought that was normal” you’ve seen in a patient?
Why racists don’t want to be called racists?
What unsolved mystery has absolutely no plausible explanation?
What are some good first date questions to get to know someone?
Historians of reddit, what is the biggest 'fuck you' moment in history?
[Serious] What's the most complicated way you cheated in school?
How come so many people answer questions on this sub and don’t upvote?
Smart people of Reddit, what is your theory on mermaids?
Plato is attributed to have said "Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something". What is the best way you have seen this play out in your life?
When was it when you realized that the chicken crossing the road to get to the other side, meant to get to the other side as in death?
Which person is going to have a harder time, a conservative living in a liberal area or a liberal living in a conservative area, and why?
you lose your virginity with the last video game character you have seen, which one is it?
What is the best animated movie and why?
People who ask what something is in a comment instead of looking it up on Google, why?
What's something made worse by being naked?
Why do redditors find it OK to be fiercely misogynist in their comments?
attractive people of reddit, how is your life ?
Donald Trump hasn’t tweeted in 19 hours, what are your theories on what’s happening in the White House right now?
Moneymakers of Reddit, What is the best way to make money online?
Replace one word in a movie title with PEE PEE. What do you come up with?
Which came first - the chicken or the egg?
What are some unpopular opinions you hold and why?
People of color, what can we as white people do to show you that we stand in solidarity beside you without making it about ourselves?
Only wrong answers, what does btw stand for?
Help 13 used cashapp card on brazzers for 1 dollar cancelled it just got charged 37 bucks and locked out of account what to do?
IPhone users of Reddit, what apps do you have in the “easy to access-bar”?
What age tenge do you consider gen z?
Why do we criticize Fox News for having a republican agenda, but we allow msnbc to have a democrat agenda? Are they not guilty of the same thing?
Confucius once said “We all have two lives, the second one starts when you realise you only have one”. When and why did your second life begin?
What “classic” books don’t really hold up?
When a girl orgasms and squirts, is that pee?
[NSFW]Not including moms, what is the best thing (feeling wise) to stick your dick into?
what are some crazy conspiracy theories?
What is your experience with the unrealistic beauty standards that are being shoved down our throats these days?
Who is the most overrated person in history?
What can you say during sex but also during an exam?
What's your favorite one-hit-wonder song?
People who up vote but don’t comment, why?
If your current Karma was your annual salary. Which City would you chose to live in based on your income?
are you the person in a meme? what does it feel like? do your friends talk to you about it?
Teachers who thought spoiled kids, story?
Who are the real life Avengers?
What sequel was better than the first movie?
What if Donald Trump was a "homo sapiens"?
What's something a teacher did at school that you're still mad about?
What is your favorite twenty one pilots song, and why?
People that lost their virginity after the age of 35 (or never did), what's your story?
What is the most efficient way to dispose of biological matter without a trace, preferably quick?
Parents of Reddit, when did you realize your kid wasn't a virgin?
[Serious] Flat Earthers why do you think the Earth is flat, and why do you not believe in science?
Why do you dislike Trump?
People who made an impulse decision when they found out Hawaii was going to be nuked, what did you do and do you regret it?
Redditors who are mute do you have a voice in your head or is it something else?
What is a sign of growing up?
Evolution, Creationism, Intelligent Design. Which do you believe in and why?
What's the best comeback to "you're so quiet"?
Has the downfall of the USA began and if so why do you think this?
What kind of post would you guys upvote?
What's something that you have bought to replace the original that you thought was faulty only to find out that the original is still working?
When was a moment when someone was racist towards you?
What is something that a ton of people are obsessed with but you just don’t get the point of?
How does it feel like when a huge insect is crawling on your skin?
What are some video game based pick up lines?
what's a good way to cope with anxiety?
What’s something that made you happy recently?
Need some upvo.... ice cream it’s super hot today huh... what degree do you wish it was all the time and why?
Children of a “Karen”, what is it like?
Who could play Trump in a movie?
[Serious] children of pornstars on reddit have you ever been scrolling through a pornagraphic website and seen a video of your parents? How did you react? Did you find it awkward? Did you tell them about it?
People who judge guys for playing as a girl in video games, what don't you get? Ever consider that some of us might be living out our genderfluid fantasies? Huh?
How do I tell my love ones I am dying?
[Serious] Pedophiles of reddit, how did you first come to realize that you're attracted to children? What are your opinions of child molesters?
People who become obsessed with fringe political/social ideas because the media is amplifying them, why can't you see that you are being manipulated?
Why didn’t your post go viral?
When and why is it Acceptable for men to sit down and Pee?
In one week, all ants in the world will turn on humans and try to destroy us. How do you prepare for this antmegeddon?
People who have jumped on the bandwagon of whatever this week's social justice issue is... Why weren't you this upset about it last week?
Men of reddit, what was your reaction seeing a pair of boobs for the first time?
What are your go to burger toppings for a great burger?
Your username is the title of a game. What is the plot?
What's something you can say during sex and at a family dinner?
People who had sex with a step-sibling/ step parent/ actual sibling or parent, how did it happen, and what happened after? [Serious]
people who say "men can not hit a women back" why do you say that?
Why did you choose in vitro fertilization over adoption?
Redditors who use TikTok. Why?
What was the dumbest thing you thought as a child?
What's the most hilarios thing your boomer teacher has done in school?
What meme will never die?
You have 30 minutes to hide a USB drive in your house. Your house will then be raided by police, detectives and some FBI agents all searching for the USB. Where do you hide it so that it won’t be found?
Your best friend is faking being asleep and you need them up. What do you say out loud to trick them into "waking up"?
What’s your favorite genre of music?
What is the best Wi-Fi name you have seen?
What is your favorite gas station snack?
People who are dead, how did it happen?
LGBTQ+ humans of Reddit, what's the most annoying thing straight people do or say?
People who pour in the cereal first, how do you heat up your milk?
What is best mobile game you ever played?
Animators of reddit, what's your story?
Is VSCO free or does it cost money and how much?
Teacher's of Reddit. What's the coolest thing you've confiscated of a child?
What will the first reddit post that reaches 1 million upvotes be about?
Pansexuals of reddit, what is your favourite pan to cook with and why?
Quiet people, what do you often think about, while others around you talk in groups?
Those who say women can hit men but men shouldn’t hit women, why ?
Where would you drive to to collaborate with profit?
What are some things you should know before renting an apartment?
People who does not take care of their self hygiene, why are you like this?
If trump wins again how many here would move to Canada?
What's your favorite holiday destination that isn't really considered by many travellers?
Teenage girls of Reddit, why do you pretend to be quirky, and if you don’t, do you know why so many do?
What was that one really weird episode of an otherwise normal show?
You are gifted $1 billion by an anonymous donor, but with one condition - you must dress as the opposite sex for a year and the choice of clothes is up to you. Do you do it and what would you wear?
If you were creating a quiz round where the first participant to find a specified item in the house wins, what would be the funniest items to pick?
As a kid, what is your most stupidest thing you ever did?
How can you make sure the guy with the biggest penis doesn't steal the show at an orgy?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit who have delivered babies to mothers who clearly cheated on their husbands, what was that like?
Women of Reddit, how do you flourish in male dominated fields?
How do I cancel reddit gold?
You've been kidnapped. The last person you saw on TV is trying to rescue you. Who is it?
How have you convinced family members to stop supporting Trump?
What do you use to remind yourself that everything isn't that bad?
people who always sits at the near back of the class, where are you now?
Is the internet still a net positive for a humanity; if so why?
Lawyers of Reddit, what’s the worst way you’ve seen a person screw over someone else in court whether it be criminal, civil, or divorce proceedings?
Where do you see yourself in five minutes?
What are the chances that Thanos made the coronavirus?
You wake up, it’s 2050, what do you google first?
You're at a job interview. You get the "what is your biggest weakness?" question. What is your answer?
Taylor Swift has insured her legs, how is that supposed to work?
Survivors of COVID, what changes have you noticed to your health since you’ve recovered?
What original movie do you wish to have a sequel?
[serious] people of Reddit that have stumbled across family members acting in some weird internet porn rabbit hole... how did you handle it?
What scenes would be included in a The Producers' style "Springtime for Trump" production?
People who used to live in the soviet union. How was it like?
Husbands and wives that got divorced after 20 years of marriage, what made you decide to change your mind after all that time?
[Serious] ICE agents or contractors who pull children away from their parents, do you think about getting another job? Why don’t you?
[SERIOUS] Peoples families who had been destroyed by a DNA test, whats the story?
Who is the hottest female actress?
Historians of Reddit, how have white people been oppressed over the past millennium?
What are some of the darkest movies ever made ?
Military People of Reddit, Area 51 guards, how do you feel about the September 20th Raid?
Your username is the name of a planet. What would it be like?
If you could ask anyone with a different identity to you a question, who would it be and what would you ask?
What is the best free video editing app you guys know of?
What do you define as attractive?
What is the best nsfw thing that ever happened to you in a game of dare of truth?
If Reddit is the front page of the internet, which website would be the back page of the internet?
People who study while exhausted, how do you do it?
Older Redditors, what do you wish older people warned you about getting old before you got there yourself?
What causes masturbation to be so fun? Why?
I can’t breathe. Black lives matter.
What do you miss most from pre-quarantine life?
What do you do in private that would be weird in public?
Last night my boyfriend handcuffed me for what i expected would be awesome sexy time but instead he turned on his favorite star trek movie knowing i couldn't move. What other seemingly sexy times have turned into something entirely different for you? 
What healthy food tastes just as good as unhealthy food?
If you could call yourself 10 years ago and speak for 1minute, what would you say?
You’re dating a beautiful lady who’s identical to Tifa in FFVII, you’re at her place making out with her, she overpowered you placing you on your knees, then she took out her 12 inch erect penis from her shorts. What do you do?
Why should it be considered offensive to say ''all lives matter"?
Which one do you prefer? Ketchup or Mayonnaise?
Is it cheating to masturbate to your ex's nudes when you are in a new relationship?
What is the most f*cked up act ever committed by you?
How close are we to having a race war?
What is the weirdest thing you've heard or had happen to you while using a public restroom? [NSFW]
What is an important piece of advice you can give for those moving into the “real world”?
How’s life so far? You need a reddit hug?
As we approach the time of our country electing a new President, what could happen if the sitting President refused to accept the results and refused to accept the peaceful transfer of power ?
Young women of Reddit, would you prefer a straight man with kind of gay qualities? Why or why not?
What is the worst scene from a great movie?
Guys of Reddit, why are you single?
What conspiracy theory do you believe to be true? What evidence led you to this conclusion?
People who hooked up with a stranger, what was the aftermath?
What is your “hidden talent”? Do you have a skill or knowledge of something that everyone is always shocked to discover about you?
What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful ?
Reddit has a lot of racism against Chinese and Indians. To those who are racist to these groups, why?
What's the strangest dying wish you've heard? My aunt's was a gem...
You're being interrogated and so far you've held strong. What song do they play on repeat that breaks you?
How do you tell if the screaming children outside are having fun, or being chased by an axe killer?
People that peaked in high school, what went wrong after graduating?
Sex workers of reddit, have any of you ever have a close friend or anyone you normally interact with daily be a surprise customer? What was the experience like, and how did it affect your interactions with them?
Reddit, what are some fun things to do on New Year’s Eve if you’re not a big party goer/under 21?
What was your “is this bitch serious” moment?
How much effort did it take to gain those sweet abs?
What’s your favorite bible verse?
Bernie Sanders Supporters: Why?
What's the worst defense you've seen someone make in a court?
What are some psychology experiments with interesting results?
Women whose names are Karen, how do you feel that your name is in a derogatory manner in the media today?
Do you guys keep your crocs on during sex? If not, why not?
Kids under the age of 1 how does it feel to be a tax evader?
Non- Americans of reddit, how do you fell about the abortion debate in the United States?
Guys of Reddit; What turns you off from a woman?
Liberal Christians, what has been the most challenging conflict between your faith and your politics?
Which Youtuber do you hate?
What's the scariest urban legend in your country?
You get 1000000$ per month, but all you can watch is hentai. Do you sign up, and if yes- for how long?
Deaf people of Reddit, what does the "voice inside your head" sound like?
If you could live in any fantasy world whether it be from a movie or a novel, which universe would you choose and why?
Should today also be a day to remember the 100,000 Iraqi civilians, most of whom would be alive today were it not for 9/11?
What do you think about naming a baby Electrical Tree?
Cops of reddit that have had to use violence against protestors, what's your story?
Who can I contact if I find CP?
What color does math smell like?
What will you NEVER do again?
People who find Big Chungus unironically funny, why?
Parents of reddit,what was the weirdest shit u saw your son/daughter fap to ? what was ur reaction?
Why the fuck do ghosts only appear when you're alone n' shit? Do they have fucking social anxiety or something?
Ladies of Reddit, which 4 or 5 guys would you pick so surround you for the bukkake session of your dreams and why?
If Kobe Bryant gets sued for calling a referee a "Fucking fag", why hasn't Westboro Baptist Church been sued?
What horrible thing did you ALMOST do?
What's the reason why some men can't keep their urges?
If Covid-19 wasn’t dominating the news right now, what would be some of the biggest stories be right now?
College students on reddit, why some people care about the sexual experience that much? (Serious)
What to do if you forgot breathe manually?
If you’re a dad what would you do if...?
What is something you've missed out on because you were close minded?
Have you ever had a doctor accuse or assume you were faking an illness? What’s your story?
Moms of reddit, what is the most under appreciated aspect of being a mom?
What is your favorite texture of booger to eat?
Is it wrong to hit a woman?
People that cant read, how did you read this question?
What is your favorite standup comedian's best bit? Gotta link?
What’s one good thing, no matter how small, that happened yesterday?
You have 15 seconds to ruin a wedding. What do you do?
People of reddit,do you prefer circumcised penises or uncircumcised penises? Why or why not?
If you could shit out any food from well known fast food brands, what would you shit?
Which is a bigger threat to humanity? Tik tok, or Coronavirus?
What is the age when we start wanting burgers instead of hotdogs?
If you could become any pokemon, what would it be and why?
Why do you believe that you exist?
People who have already turned 30... What now?
If 100 people in your age group were selected randomly, how many do you think they’d find leading a happier life than you?
What's a good place to find a dominant girlfriend who would wear the strap in the relationship?
Lgbtq+ people of reddit, why?
People with same-sex parents, when did you realize homophobia existed?
Simps of reddit who tip more than the required amount on OnlyFans, why do you do it?
What if your boyfriends dad offered you a million dollars to have sex with him? Would you accept?
What's the dumbest thing you did as a kid, besides wishing to be an adult?
Is it justified to punch a nazi? Why/why not?
What is the worst thing you've done on a date?
What does OML means?
What's the story behind your username ?
You are suddenly holding a live rooster at this moment, how fucked are you?
How often do you post to Instagram?
Australian Bushfire Crisis
How do you deal with incredibly overprotective parents?
Redditors with Youtube channels, how many subscribers do you have?
Those of you who are downright positive dinosaurs never existed based on your religious beliefs, how do you explain fossils?
Reddit, what's a really unpopular opinion you have?
What’s the best way to tell someone that their baby is ugly?
Ethically, should a vegan spit or swallow? Why?
You are alone in a Jungle and you see a half naked Vampire with a dildo. what would you do?
What are the pros and cons of Capitalism?
What's the creepiest thing you've ever seen?
People who can only learn history from statues, how did you learn about Hitler?
What’s your fungal penis story?
What's the worst existing job?
You were born and raised in North Korea, the dictatorship suddenly ends. For the first time, you get access to the wild world of the internet, what do you do ?
[Serious] "In America, your rights only exist if you have enough money to petition the courts to enforce them. Otherwise, you can't afford enough justice". What are your thoughts?
People who lost their virginity to a "paid worker" what was you experience? Do you regret it? Recommend it?
Your Reddit username is how the world ends. How does the World end ?
People who cheat in multiplayer videogames, why the f*ck do you do it?
How far along were you before you told people you were pregnant?
Women of Reddit, what's the horniest horny you've ever hornied on hornyville avenue in Horny, Horny on Horny Hornst, horny-horny, and why do you think people on this sub keep asking about it?
What's one of the dumbest things you've ever spent money on?
What is the one thing you’ll never forget that has and will have zero importance in anyone’s life?
Men who treat objects like women, why?
What is the most illegal thing you can do with one dollar ?
When reading or watching TV, what’s the biggest cliche or stereotype that irritates you the most?
Pet owners on reddit, what’s that time where you were convinced by your pet’s behaviors that your place was haunted?
What feels illegal, but isn’t?
Non-virgin ladies of Reddit (if there are some), what does it feel like for you to have sex?
People named Gary, how do you feel when someone forgot to put "r" on your name?
You are given a button that will make you very attractive ,but every Friday you turn into the opposite gender for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
Wrestling fans what are your thoughts on all of this going on?
To the people who still support Trump, why?
Males, what do you call your penis?
What’s the coolest thing about science?
People who have been working from home, and live alone - what do you do to stay sane and feel connected during the day?
People who ask why, why?
What’s something you can say during a funeral and during sex?
What should be done when people like Amber Heard and the USWNT are discovered to have lied and used gender equality as a means for personal gain?
You die and realise all horror creatures indeed exist. Further you get to be one, to fulfill a dying wish. What do you choose to become and for which dying wish?
[Serious] What are some creepy stories from your culture?
For the people browsing Reddit right now to kill time, what are you waiting for?
Why do you hate fat people so fucking much?
What was the cringiest thing you did as a kid?
What is currently happening that is scaring you?
People that proposed. How did you know when to pop the question and how long were you together before?
[Serious]What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
[Modpost] To celebrate our 5 millionth subscriber, /r/AskReddit will be having a one-week trial of no sexual topics!
If you were to have sex with any fictional character , Who would it be ?
Reddit, what's something on your bucket list that you think is unique?
What's a weapon you have on or near you at all times?
[Serious] White Men of Reddit, when did you feel discriminated against for your race or gender?
Starting from 0, everytime you beat your meat you get +1 IQ point. How high is your IQ?
People not from the western world. What's something Westerners eat that makes you wonder "Why the heck would you eat that!?"?
Would you lie down and let a dozen cute fluffy happy affectionate purring kittens crawl all over you and find a comfortable spot to fall asleep right now? Why or why not?
Have you ever been in an accident that resulted in the end of your life? If so, what happened?
What do you think about while you try and fall asleep?
What style do you hate?
If you still think that kneeling during the National Anthem is disrespectful then what do you think is a fair, middle ground, alternative?
What is the all time best cartoon series in your opinion?
Tiktok vs Playstation. Which of these is gay?
You ever noticed High Five can also be written that way: HIV. How does this make you feel?
No male or female, whats your gender?
Is it attractive when you can’t make out a slim woman’s biceps even when she flexes? Why?
Those of you who haven’t given midget hentai a shot, why?
What is one thing you wish you had never done?
How do you know your gay?
If you ever had a run in with a shark, while surfing or scuba diving, what happened?
What celebrities death hit you the hardest?
What are some wacky subreddit?
Which is better, The Last Airbender, or Legend if Korra? Why?
If the Democratic Party wants to nominate a person to an elected position because of the color of their skin, should they surprised when the Republican Party wants to nominate a person to an elected position based on the color of their skin?
Any Atheists and Agnostics out there who are seriously disheartened by the hate and intolerance in r/atheism?
How is your relationship with your parents?
Guys who spin your wiener so hard it turns you into a helicopter that can fly anywhere, what kinds of adventures do you have?
What is your scientific opinion on big titty woman?
So my girlfriend just broke up with me....
I'm having trouble getting a job because of what comes up when my name is Googled.  I know Reddit has helped with this before...
What would a "Mac vs. PC" commercial talk about today?
Girls of Reddit why do you always have to wear a boy's hoodie?
Who is your favorite long-lost YouTuber?
What is the best evidence for existence of God?
Your username is how you lost your virginity. How did you lose it?
To those of you who say that the conservative FOX news tries to brainwash people; did you ever think that possibly you were brainwashed by the liberal NBC, CBS, CNN, etc. to think like that?
What should be worn to the area 51 event?
What's the worst way to die?
How would you spend your time if you knew you were going to be bored for the next 12 hours?
Which are the best ways to create a good video and a good podcast?
What's the fastest you've ever gone from caring about someone to straight up loathing them?
Long Haul Truckers: What's the creepiest/most paranormal thing you've seen on the road at night?
What time is it currently?
Asked yesterday and two days before, how is everyone?
You have a choice of eating a five course meal at a fancy restaurant or a 10 pound bucket of red Lego bricks, which one do you choose and why?
What innocent item gets suspicious if you own too much of it?
What mind-blowing (but simple) facts would satisfy a 4-year old daughter’s daily request for 1 fact before bedtime?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys the hell out of you?
How did you lose your virginity?
What's your favourite number of the alphabet, yes or no?
How does a Caucasian respectfully acknowledge the observance of Juneteenth with African Americans at work without getting cancelled for saying something dumb af?
In a world of technological advancements and always trying to make things more efficient, what are some products that have stayed relatively the same ever since they were invented?
Police officers of reddit, how are you holding up with all the hate?
Trump voters, what is your opinion on his first few days in office?
What movie or tv show is completely changed if you slip ‘horny’ anywhere in the title?
What's way more dangerous than most people think?
What career would only suit somebody with poor social skills?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened?
Why do you dont support universal health care in the US?
What word would you pick to describe/define the first half of 2020?
[serious] At what point do you get tired of hearing about BLM and the riots, and just want to be left alone?
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
What’s something you have broken during sex?
[Serious] Redditors who like Trump, why?
How do you learn to draw (better)?
What are some really underrated good artists to listen to?
People of reddit, what phrase/reference can only your fan-base understand?
People who have tasted human meat, what's it like?
Who said that behind every successful man is a woman? Do you believe in this shit?
Trans people of Reddit, what questions do you wish people would just stop asking?
[Serious] Dear Reddit, How have you seen people justify Donald Trumps actions or lack thereof as president during the Black Lives Matter protests?
For the people who use Bing, why?
How do you feel about a law stating that tickets (speeding, driving under influence etc.) should be a percentage of the perpetrators annual wage, instead of fixed rates?
Which children's movie is actually sad /disturbing?
What do you do to mess with people?
How did Reddit help you?
What is a good hot chocolate recipe?
You get to have sex with your crush, but it has to be a threesome with the most disgusting person you know. Do you go for it? Why or why not?
You have to have sex with your username. How does it go?
How would you rate your family?
People of reddit who work at drive-thrus, what's the most craziest thing you've seen?
NSFW What do you have a thing for?
What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
People of Reddit who have had a real life stalker, what happened ? And how did you get rid of him/her ?
You magically get transformed into the opposite sex, what do you do next?
[Serious]People who think this pandemic is all an elaborate hoax, what are your reasons?
What toxic behaviour has been normalised by the internet?
Reddit, and 8 year old terminally ill boy wants 1 million cards for Christmas, can we do this?
What fucked up experiment would you think would be interesting but you won’t do because of your ethics?
If you had to give up either water or electricity in order to save money, which would you choose and why?
If N. Korea remade Hollywood movies with Kim Jong-Un as the lead, what would be the best movie?
People of Reddit who slept with a celebrity either before or whilst they were famous, what's the story?
Which aspects of the response to Covid-19 do you think should be permanent?
Men of reddit, what are some natural and good ways a girl could approach you in public if she likes you?
Adults of reddit, which teacher do you still remember from high school and why?
What superpower do you feel is the most useful with the fewest consequences?
What game quote can you say during sex?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some “red flags” people should look out for when they go out to eat?
A doctor diagnoses you with “dead” and says it will happen in one hour. What thoughts go through your mind?
What fictional character could someone say "Oh yeah, they're my role model!" about that would make you slowly back away?
What would happend if we go beyond our universe?
In your group of friends, what role do you play?
If sex was a videogame, what are some loading tips?
People who decided to stop farming hay, what was the final straw?
What do you associate with Germany?
When did you stop giving a fuck and why?
My little brother (5) just accidentally walked in on me having a shower, and ran out screaming and crying because "My penis is turning into a lion because it has a 'mane' growing around it" leaving me laughing for about 10 minutes. What is the most inoccently funny thing a child has said to you?
What would Karen's last name be?
Crime scene investigators and lawyers, what do TV shows constantly get wrong about your profession?
Today is my Birthday. I turned 25. All I want for my birthday is an upvote.
What's ur thoughts on the existance of sex?
How would you fix America?
What song is in your head right now?
As a kid, what movie made you realize that not every movie is good?
What movie is boring? Not necessarily bad, but boring?
Sexual assault survivors of Reddit, what nickname do you use to refer to your assaulter now?
If you could only listen to 1 album, watch 1 film and play 1 game for the rest of your life. What would your choices be?
Someone came into our theater at the midnight release of Dark Knight Rises and began opening fire. Who here on Reddit can help me calm my nerves?
Hey Reddit, When did your “Somethings not right here” gut Feeling ever save you?
If you could bring a person back to life,who would it be?
People who had sex with animals,care to explain why?
What does it feel like to get a post on the front page?
What is a weird habit you've picked up over the years? How do you feel about that habit?
More women should be proposing to men?! Right?! What do y’all think? Any ladies out there proposed to your man or any man propose to your ladies?
Former atheists of Reddit, what made you change your mind?
What is the best time to post a link to reddit to ensure maximum up votes?
How would you feel about a ban of “how would you feel” questions on the sub?
What is better Samsung or Apple?
Teens who reserved seats at the Tulsa rally for big orange, how did it start? Is the more plans in the works? If so don't give away anything, a simple yes will do. How does it feel not being able to vote but still having a impact?
When Germans condemn hitler for his atrocities, why doesn’t brits condemn British empire for its atrocities in the colonies?
What innocent question that someone asked you, crushed you a little?
What are your thoughts on the Corona virus?
If you died and your body was somehow immovable and indestructible, where would you die to cause the most damage?
[serious] Happy Pride month! To any LGBT Redditors out there, what's your "coming out" story?
Whats your view on Existentialism?
Voice Actor's of Reddit, how did you get started?
Redditors that were deaf but can now hear, what language did you think in and do you think in your verbal language today?
What is an overused trope used in romantic movies/shows that you still love?
What is your favorite soundtrack from a game or movie?
Porn stars of Reddit, what tips do you have for having great sex?
What movie do you consider “perfect”?
Looters and vandals of Reddit, how do you feel when you bash windows, set things on fire, and run off with merchandise?
What's your favourite thing from the 80s/90s?
Americans of Reddit, can you tell a non american why anyone should believe that america is the best country in the world?
What is your favourite pokemon and why?
Which classic literature titles are "must-reads" and which should be avoided at all costs?
If you could redo any Star Wars film, witch one would it be and how?
What is a rhetorical question ?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck If a woodchuck could chuck wood?
People of Reddit, are you aware of the YouTube channels who take screenshots of popular Reddit posts, put a text to speech voice over on them and get millions of views? If so, what are your opinions on them?
Should a transition girl have to tell her boyfriend that she’s transitioned? Why or why not?
What would you do if you magically turned back into a preschooler?
People who upvote but don’t comment, why do you do it?
Your microwave is now a Star Trek food replicator. What's the first food or drink you ask it to make for you?
[NSFW] What can you say during sex but also at a hospital?
(NSFW) What's the best thing that happened to you in truth or dare?
If a random person offered you $10,000 for your phone, would you take it? They wouldn't be allowed to call/text/message anyone, but they can look at anything the phone has access to like messages, and phone storage. Do you take it? Why or why not?
Hi internet, how to you build trust? Especially when it's been lost?
Transgender/other name changing people of Reddit: What did/will you do about your middle name?
You are physically incapable of ever lying again, but you get $10,000,000. Do you take it, and why or why not?
Who is not watching the Super Bowl tonight?
[Serious] Archeologists of reddit, what new historical find do you think we may discover in the next 10-20 years?
What websites do you recommend for people who’d like to read more articles related to journalism (soft news, hard news, editorial, feature, lampoon, etc.)?
Is this the funniest movie quote you’ve ever heard “Back in the 80’s when Andre the giant used to go to the playboy mansion, he’d stack 5 playmates ontop of eachother and finger f**k em all 5 at a time cuz his hands were so big”?
If being homosexual was "normal" why haven't evolution made it possible for two men or two women to procreate on their own?
What's your "song I cant stop listening to" right mow?
Americans, how would you describe Walmart to Europeans?
If God isn’t real then why are we here? What is the purpose ? Is it all for nothing of there’s no after life ? Wouldn’t there be no point in living ?
What are the main reasons for Tinder being more of a hook up app in the US while more of a dating app in Europe?
Your username is the name of a secret government document. What's inside it?
What songs MUST be in every classic rock playlist?
Redditors , why (and when) will CHAZ fail?
What is something that makes you happy to be alive?
What is normal in your country but seems weird to the rest of the world?
Why aren't you vegan?
How was you're day?
Redditers who sort by new, how do you know it's a banger when you see it?
[Serious] Why doesn't anyone on TV News ever mention that the Confederate Flag represents seditious traitors who waged war against the United States?
Who does Jesus pray to?
What "you know what, just to be safe..." thing you did ended up saving your ass later?
What thing do people mark as dangerous but is actually harmless?
How would the George Floyd situation have played out if he was of a different race/ethnicity?
How could 2020 possibly get better?
Apparently today is the end of the world. What do you think about that?
Christians of reddit, what would you do if scientist found proof that god isn't real?
Redditer's who buy games a year after it comes just why?
You accidentally play porn into your mother’s bluetooth earbuds. What do you do next?
You are a bender, like in the last airbender, but you only get to bend chemical compounds with an element from the periodic table. What do you bend?
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
When was the moment when you actually acted as dumb as horror movie characters?
What is the most effective way to deal with ignorants and conspiracists?
What is something that is expensive, but only owned by poor people?
How many people from the USA are actually aware of the fact that there are more than two political parties to vote for?
You have 30 secs to stop a wedding, what do you do?
How come most guys who think most girls are unfunny aren’t funny themselves?
How would the world react if god announced his existence and said he supported Trump and how would you react if a bunch of your friends tried getting you to go with them in standing their ground?
If you have a scar, how did you get it?
only wrong answers, what does ‘WTF’ means?
When was the last time you tried something new? And what was it ?
Which famous movie quote will always be timeless and always be relevant?
People who have had sex with twins, what’s the story behind it?
my parents are constantly fat shaming me, what can I do?
What takes five minutes or less that everyone should add to their daily routine?
Writers of Reddit, what are some of the weirdest Google searches you’ve done in the name of writing?
What is your most memorable - good/bad/strange - memory of playing doctor and similar when growing up?
What's the best food in your country?
Boobs or butt, why?
What movie death scene is seared into your memory?
People outside of the US, how does your media paint what's going on in the US right now?
Lesbians of Reddit who have had sex with men, what did you like less about it than sex with a woman? What did you like more?
what would u think would improve the state of memes these days?
To any previous Trump supporters who changed their minds due to recent events, what caused the switch to flip? What are your thoughts now?
Black and Brown people of reddit, do you like the new pride flag? Why or why not?
Dear Redditors, what advice would you give to someone trying to forget something that makes them feel upset, embarrassed, or angry?
What's something that you've never learned to do?
People who turn off YouTube comments on your videos, why, just why?
why people who treat women with respect are mostly single ?
Menstruating people of reddit, how do you deal with PMS or anxiety, depression and feeling restless before a period in a hectic home/work life ?
Women of Reddit, as a man, how do I deal with both "If she says No, move on and stop bothering her" and "Be insistent, cuz women have to say No a couple of times to see if the guy is serious about it" at the same time?
Have you know the taste? The true taste? How sweet it feels to truly taste revenge?
what is the weirdest place with a scar on your body?
Everyone’s sexual fantasy comes true tonight. Forgot technicalities. What does the world look like tomorrow?
What kind of post do you instinctively give blue arrows to?
What would be 10 times better if everybody involved was naked?
[Serious]"Human rights rooted in abstract concepts of caste and religion will be lethal for any progressive society." How?
People who reply to a r/AskReddit post without upvoting, why?
Assuming the internet had been around since the dawn of time, whose search history would you be interested in seeing, past or present?
Those who have ever hit an animal with your car, how bad was it... for you and the animal?
Black community of Reddit: How can white people with mostly white friends/social circles join in celebrating Juneteenth in solidarity without appropriating black culture?
What is your secret dream that you wish it would be real?
You're tired from the human race, so you decide to help an advanced alien civilization destroy the Earth, what tips would you give them?
If you woke up in the body of the opposite gender, what would you do after masturbating? Nsfw
Redditors who still support Trump, why?
people who had sex with a "milf" at a young age, what happened? how did it go? did you ever do it again?
What knock-off game is actually a better game than original?
People who put mattresses on your front lawn, why?
How can you tell when a company’s apology or support towards a group (such as LGBT or BLM) is genuine?
People who have experienced hypocritical people, how long did it take before it happened? Also, what happened?
What would be the Pro's and Cons of replacing the Minneapolis PD with the Paw Patrol?
Who is the sexiest actress?
If your vagina/penis is named after the last TV show/movie you watched, what's it called?
Albert Einstein once said "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." What was your moment when someone judged you like that?
If the answer is Trump, what is the question ?
Hey reddit! What are some ways for teenagers to make money?
What's the worst possible response to "I love you"?
78% of suicide rates world wide are men, what can we do to help them?
What is something most people need to hear but no one has the guts to tell people?
People of Reddit what are your fuck this boomer moments?
What’s the most embarrasing/cringiest thing you did for your crush’s attention?
[Serious] Who is someone you think really needs a statue commemorating them?
You’re planning to have a piñata at your next party. What are you putting inside that isn’t candy?
The world is ending but if you piss off the entire planet in 1 day its saved,what do you do to piss every one off?
What is your opinion on Muslims?
Divorce Lawyers of Reddit, what's the most outrageous reason someone filed for divorce?
People who post comments that are really mean and intended to hurt people's feelings and ruin their day: What goes through your head as you're doing it, and why do you do it? Is it just pure sadism? entertainment? what is it?
What will it take for Trump supporters to also wake up about the injustice that's going on and rights being suppressed, not just towards African-Americans but all Americans?
What cartoon taught you a life lesson that was surprisingly helpful later on?
Hairdressers, what is the weirdest thing someone has done while you have been cutting their hair?
People who are named Joe, has the "joemama" joke impacted your daily life?
Men of reddit, how do get a girls number?
What's the most unusual place you've ever had sex?
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
ever lost a soulmate but got reunited once again? how long did it take?
What's something you can say both to your grandma and while having sex?
What the hell are these noises being heard Worldwide?
Would you have sex with the same sex for $1,000,000 and why?
Gamers of Reddit,what was your best epic gamer moment?
Why is everyone a dick on Reddit? 
Which BS information do you wish movies would stop perpetuating?
What illogical thing did you believe for many years?
Why the fuck are you all calling it "social" distancing? You do more socializing than ever, it is "Physical" distancing, that is unless you shut down all your social media for months?
What's one quality in a person that makes them totally adorable to you?
A question for guys, if a girl were to approach you, what would be the perfect approach?
If you could cancel one YouTuber, who would it be ?
What causes transsexualism/homosexuality? If it is something people cannot control then is it a genetic predisposition?
(NSFW) Women that masturbate, do you really bend over to pleasure yourself in doggy and why go through the effort if so?
Older generations of Reddit, who were the "I don't use computers" people of your time?
What’s the best way/place to come out as gay to your closest friends, without knowing how they’ll react?
Why are you an inherently bad person if you owned slaves in America?
What fictional world would you want to live in?
What is something you bought for yourself that made you say, “now im an actual adult”?
We gotta decide, Redditors, just this once:who is the cutest anime-girl?
What are the things that suddenly could turn you off?
What two music genres do you want to unite?
Which subreddit has steered the furthest from its original course?
Autopsy doctors of Reddit, what was the biggest revelation you had to a person's death after you carried out the procedure?
Reddit, you get the ability to control the minds of multiple people at a time and you can do whatever you want. The only catch is each time you use it you will be able to use again for a shorter amount of time than the previous time. How do you utilize this ability?
Girls, what is the biggest hint that you like a guy, that we never get?
Without saying its name, what is your favorite video game?
If written like a news report, what stories from the bible were done by Florida man?
Adults in their mid 30s &amp; up who “don’t have their shit together” why not?
Men who have superglued their dicks into their girlfriends/wives hands while she was asleep, what was her reaction when she woke up?
You will get $10 million cash but Samuel L Jackson will be there to shout "motherfucker" for every dollar you spend, will you be happy? And Why?
Parents of reddit, what's the biggest lie you've told your kid(s) that ended up biting your ass?
Repliers of Reddit, why are you replying to this?
What is the worst combination of food that actually tastes good?
What is the last song you listened to?
What is the best smartphone IPHONE OR HAUWEI?
Pornstars of Reddit, what was the worst experience you've ever had on set?
People who have won grand prizes from bottle caps, candy bar wrappers, leaving a survey, etc. What did you win? What happened? What was that like?
What’s a cover song that’s better than the original?
What is your Tinder horror story?
[Serious] What was the most hardworking thing you did which turned out to be worth nothing?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was your “oh shit” moment in court?
People who have a “Karen” for a mom, when did you realize it and how did it affect you?
I just heard my dad call Mormonism "Christian Fan Fiction" Reddit, what is the best politically incorrect joke you know?
What song do you sing like you’re on a singing competition when it comes on?
What's the key to not letting a conversation get awkward?
Which deceased person, if brought back to life, would be the most surprised to learn they became famous posthumously?
People of reddit who believe pineapple belongs on pizza, why?
Guys, what is "Karen"?
Blind people of Reddit, how do you cope with your overall situation and how your relationship with close friends evolved?
A plea: Can we please keep relationship problems off here unless it is truely amazing or wtf? ... so fed up of people whining about being single or being in a relationship that aren't really wanting advice but are asking a question in order to rant
People who have been on Supernanny, either as parents or children, what was your experience?
What's the recipe for pure happiness?
What do you SWEAR you saw in a video game, but people don't believe you?
What do you regret finding out?
What was the single, best realization you have ever had?
What musician would you suggest to someone who has just developed his hearing?
How have the americans put trump in the position of one of the most powerful persons on earth?
What part of your personality do you fake?
If major Golden Age Hollywood stars such as Marilyn Monroe and James Dean hadn't tragically died when they did, how do you think this would have changed the course of Hollywood history as we know it, and do you think it would have changed the way that Hollywood is today?
The words 'Low Battery' appear right before your eyes, you take off your VR headset and realized your whole life was just a VR simulation which you've been playing for only a few minutes. How do you react?
What do you people use Reddit for?
women of reddit this is not meant to be sexist but why do some of you wear obviously very tight or revealing clothing if you dont want to attract attention?
[Serious] For people who are relatives of police officers, dispatchers, jailers, etc. What do you think of current events?
How many "chugga's" do you need to say before you feel you can add 'Choo Choo'?
How would you feel about a "return to where you left off" button for Reddit?
What was the most absurd thing you’ve heard from an overly religious person?
What is this feeling (read comment)?
Pansexuals of reddit, what do pans do that is cute but they dont know it?
If you had the ability to instantly give any person an orgasm, simply by pointing your hand at them like a finger gun and saying “pew”, how would you wield this power?
Women of Reddit, what do you think the average penis size is?
For people who like to listen to full albums, what are your favorite albums to binge?
What needs a part four to make it a quadrilogy?
Reddit, What does STFU stand for (wrong answers only)?
What if being nude was normal but wearing clothes in public was like being naked?
You come home and find two people together in your bed, what do you say to them to make it as awkward as possible?
If you met the guy who Rickrolled Rick Astley, what would you say to him?
Window cleaners of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have seen while cleaning windows?
At what job are all the employees fucking each other?
What is the weirdest dream and/or nightmare you ever had?
What’s the most toxic culture your country has?
What's your happiest moment from high school ?
What is your opinion on the fact that Reddit admins are suppressing conservative opinions?
Your rap name is “lil” then the last thing you bought. What is your full rapper name?
What is an essential, not-so-obvious skill in life?
What movie isn't as deep as most people think it is?
What if everyone in the world could read minds? would the world be much better place or would nobody have feelings anymore?
Have you ever been so high that you felt exalted like you could rightfully defecate onto everyone else beneath you? What was that like?
If you were a billionaire tomorrow, what is the first way you would use your money?
Americans, how does it feel that the whole world laughs at your country?
(NSFW) What's the weirdest thing you've fapped to?
If your mom and your girlfriend swapped bodies and you need to have sex with one of them (mom's conscience in girlfriend's body or girlfriend's conscience in mom's body) what would you choose and why?
You are now aware of your breathing. What do you do with this new information?
Those who leave answers but no upvotes, why?
What do you miss the most from your childhood?
If your username was your kink, how kinky you end up with?
What makes people think that “all lives matter” instead of only “black lives matter”?
What’s something that you saw only one time, but it changed your life forever?
People who ask "Can I ask a question?" while chatting with someone, why do you do it?
People who hate their bosses right now, why?
People who were on show like supernanny, worlds strictest parents, or Scared Straight, what was the experience like? And what was the aftermath?
What is the coolest website you’ve visited that no one knows about?
People who dont express their feelings: What caused you to be like that?
Redditors who read the TOS, what are the most alarming terms you have come across?
Should I offer a pity fuck to my friend?
[SERIOUS] What's the most life threatening/scary situation you've ever been in?
What's a movie you love, but if someone said they hated it you would completely understand why?
What's a perfectly innocent word that you can't hear without giggling?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you don't make them laugh, you'll be killed. What joke do you tell them?
What's a weird thing you'd do as a child that perhaps you still do to this day?
What’s the best way to blend in with the humans (asking for a friend) ?
Why people don't understand mathematics that easily?
What can trump do to earn your vote?
What song are you vibing on?
What is the stupidest way you've injured yourself?
Why do some white people feel attacked when you mention "white privilege"?
People that have dated their cousin, what was your experience like?
People who downloaded their Google data and went through it, what were the most unsettling things you found out they had stored about you?
What seemed innocent as a child but as an adult was either creepy or inappropriate?
(Only Wrong Answers) How do you make friends?
How do you deal with a narcissistic boss who thrives off belittling others?
what is your serial killer trait?
Ugly people of Reddit, what do you do everyday?
What would happen if someone shat in a kettle and turned it on ?
What's a quote that has just "stuck with you?"
Sky divers of reddit, what is the scariest situation you have had on a jump?
[Serious] What do you consider the most impressive feat a real life human has ever accomplished in the entire history of the human race?
Teachers of reddit, what is the smartest/most creative way of cheating that you've seen?
If the world was absolutely ending, and we all had only the blunt, honest, or dark truth to say to each other.. what would you say? Who would it be to? Or on the other hand, what would the truth be that you’d expect the other person to say?
People of reddit, where was the strangest/bizarrest/awkwardest Place you have ever wanked it?
What did you think 2020 was going to be like?
Kissers of Reddit, how many kisses does it take to make a baby?
Am I the only one finding that Atheists are pushing their beliefs on everyone else far more than theists are these days?
What traits/characteristics would an evolutionary species have that could potentially wipe out/domesticate homo sapiens?
What is the weirdest thing you've used as lube?
What do you think buzzfeed employees worked on while reddit was down yesterday?
What’s the scariest fact you wish you never knew?
What they say after "Wait, before you continue watching this video"?
People who text “srry” instead of “sorry,” what do you do with the extra time you saved?
What is your response to recieving an unexpected nude pic?
The last thing you Googled is coming to butt-rape you. Who or what will butt-rape you?
What jobs exisits becayse people are assholes?
What is yor take on fat people being supported?
Americans, beside our president (as some view it) what are things that you hate about your country?
Frail old men of Reddit, where do you get your dope hats and jackets from?
What is keeping you from having a relationship with Jesus?
People of reddit ..... How old are you?
Folks who lived at home to their mid-late 20s or beyond (no judgement), tell us how easy or difficult it felt to adjust when you moved out? Anything take you by surprise? [serious]
(NSFW) Men of reddit, what things do you hate that girls do in bed?
What can you say during sex and at a funeral? [NSFW]
Are there any other Redditors bothered that the top article right now is a detailed description of emotional abuse by a Redditor, using advice on how to go about it from other Redditors?
(Serious) What’s the most terrifying aspect of being human?
What are some good sex tips (wrong answers)?
The year is 2030 and President Dwayne Johnson is impeached. What led to these events?
After the Trump presidency really nothing is out of the realm of possibility. In this scenario who make the better President: Joe Rogan or Dave Chapelle?
Teachers of Reddit when did you realise a kid was gifted?
If you could tell an alien about the beauty of your Earth by mentioning only one thing, what would it be?
If you effectively hold a fart in a jar and seal it firmly, would it stay for a long time? if not, where and how would the fart vanish?
How do I politely make this kind of crazy girl stop texting me?
(People who lost their virginity) did you find it?
Non-Americans of Reddit — What are the biggest issues making headlines in your country that we Americans don’t know about?
What Would Your Last Words To Your Spouse Be Before You Died ?
What happened to you personally that would have meant your demise if not for modern medicine?
Which band took your concert virginity?
What is your Favorite Superhero Film and Why?
Working People Who Do Fetish Art As A Hobby, What Regulations Do You Keep To Prevent Work And Art From Mixing? Has Your Work Place Been Concerned With This?
Non-Americans of Reddit, how does it feel to have a competent leader?
The quiet kid and the emo kid have got into a fight, who would win?
You are meeting your new boyfriend/girlfriends parents at their house for dinner for the first time. Your new bf/gf leaves to go to the bathroom. What do you say to their parents to create a maximum level of awkwardness for the rest of the evening before they come back from bathroom?
Reddit, what fuck up did you manage to correct before anyone noticed? and what could have happened in case you had failed?
People who have their shit together. How??
What movie that is legitimately bad do you love despite it’s quality?
You're a burglar, but you only steal things to slightly inconvenience your victims. What are you stealing?
Whats an easy way to get a lot of Karma?
What were the facts you learned in school that are no longer true?
Americans of Reddit, living in such a 'great' country why do you have such weak houses made of 'paper and cardboard' that burn to the ground, fly with the wind and are just easily damaged?
To those who support Trump: why?
You are trapped in your most hated persons body, you have 48 hours to ruin their life. You may not kill or be killed. What will you do?
What would your reaction be if your girl/boyfriend was actually a Transgender person and was born the opposite sex?
If you could bring one person back to life, who would u choose?
What conspiracy theories do you think are too logical to ignore?
What does it feel like to have a “askreddit” question trending?
What is most funny joke you ever heard?
Married people, what is one thing your mother-in-law says that drives you crazy?
What's the harsh reality no one accepts?
What are signs that a friendship is turning toxic?
What are some tips for getting a good night's rest?
What would be the creepiest thing to see in your mirror?
People who posted their story on Reddit and the person in said story found it, how did it go?
Accidentally Ordered A Dildo For My Mom's Birthday. How Do I Stop It?
What is it about your country that movies always get wrong?
How did reddit improve your English language?
What if your newborn child has special needs and you want the baby but your spouse doesnt?
Sign language Users of reddit. What is a common sign you see people do without being aware they are doing it?
People who think Seinfeld is funny... why?
What kind of question would you ask an Argentine?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
You are offered $1,000,000.00 to lick 10 pieces of chewed gum from the middle of the street. You are not allowed to give context to why you are doing so and can not speak to anyone who asks. Would you do it? Why?
80% of the society are idiots. For the remaining 30%, what was the dumbest thing a person said with a straight face?
If you had to invent a brand-new, never-before-used criminal punishment, what would it be and which type of criminals would receive it?
Your Reddit Username Is The Way You Die, How Do You Die?
What's your 'fuck this, I quit!' story?
(NSFW) Girls of reddit. Whats it like sucking a dick?
How would this be different if George Floyd had been white? Would it be more than a brief news item? Why or why not?
Whats your worst pregnancy stories?
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
If someone lost their virginity, what should the posters around town for the lost virginity say? Should there be a reward?
When have you realized how dangerous someone was based on their intelligence alone?
parents of reddit, what is the worst thing your child has done?
You are now in the exact same place on earth you are now but 1000 years ago. How will you do in this new enviroment?
What's your unpopular opinion?
What Hero/good guy is actually pretty horrible?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
Like Yanxi Palace or Empress of China, How come there are no Ancient African (Romance, War) Historical Period Dramas?
(Polls aren't allowed) What is your gender/genders?
What do we need moe of?
Anthony Bourdain once said "There's a guy in my head, and all he wants to do is lay in bed all day long, smoke pot, and watch old movies and cartoons. My life is a series of strategems, to avoid, and outwit that guy". Who is "that guy" for you, and what do you do to avoid him?
What are the reasons why people seem so against free speech ?
What hurts more, getting kicked in the nuts or having a period?
What does a “mental breakdown” feel like?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
What does girls going "going bald" for charity accomplish exactly? Should this be a thing why or why not?
Nurses of psych wards, what did a patient do that left you speechless?
Gordon Ramsay is now in your house on all fours eating pet food and says "This is completely undercooked" what do you do?
Is there an iconic figure who doesn't have a statue who you think totally should?
What kind of porn do you think Elon Musk watches?
At what age did you start watching anime? And what was your first anime you watched?
To the massive dicks to the tiny ones what are the advantages and disadvantages to each?
They say it takes 10000 hours to become an expert at something, what are you an expert at?
What's the most wholesome thing a stranger has done for you?
People who had considered themselves "incels" (involuntary celibates) but have since had sex, how do you feel looking back at your previous self?
Single moms of Reddit, what is your story?
I caught my two 8 year old nephews violently sexually harassing my 7 year old daughter... When I confronted their father (my brother) I was told "boys will be boys".  Why do people excuse this kind of behavior in males?
Satan opens up heck, a lighter version of hell. What types of torture are in it?
Gen Z of reddit, what's the point of a reusable straw if all your JUUL pods end up as litter?
How do you masturbate?
Those who worked at airports, what is the strangest thing you have seen in peoples luggage?
What it's like being neighbors with a popular celebrity?
Am I the only one sick of today's culture of having sex with anyone who'll let you?
What do you own more of than the average person?
What is something small that makes life a bit better?
Who to masturbate to tonight? Why?
What is something dangerous you've done as a teenager that your parents still doesn't know about and would basically kill you if they did?
What is the secret to making a popular reddit post?
What is an useful skill everyone should learn?
[Serious] Why SHOULDN'T the USA ban gun sales?
End of world on "21 June 2020".(Julian-gregorian theory).How would you like to spend your remaining time on this Earth?
What to do to keep a conversation going?
What things should people never Google?
People who have had sexual relations, why?
How did we get rid of Corona by ignoring it because news got something better to cover?
What was the first video game console you played as a child?
What are you not?
summer has started, and its getting hot. how do you cool off?
Who is goddamn right?
[SERIOUS] [NSFW] Men who have been raped by a woman, what happened?
What is an everyday habit that when somebody does really annoys you for some reason?
Look at your hand...Now back to me...
Smokers, how did you quit smoking without feeling like you're going to die?
People of Reddit, what do you find is over-hated?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the saddest encounter you've had with one of your students?
What do you want for Christmas?
How many of you are here just because you like to look at stupid shit and kill time even though you really hate the mindset of most of Reddit?
Why is it socially acceptable for people to call me short, but I cant call them fat?
Men of Reddit: What's the worst thing someone did to you because of your gender?
[Serious] It's transgender visibility week. Trans people of Reddit, what do you want the broader LGBT community and society as a whole to know?
If President Trump test positive for COVID-19 and dies, how will you feel?
What's something in your room right now that most people probably dont have in theirs?
Germaphobes of Reddit, how are you coping with COVID?
What is something that you can say during a blizzard AND sex?
People of reddit, what is one embarrassing secret that turned out to be “normal”?
What are some of the biggest differences between British and American culture?
People who can express themselves clearly and make themselves understood whenever you open your mouth: How the hell do you do that?
Why comprehensive world people effect covid-19? How to people recover it? Is any Reddit member caused to covid-19?
What is something that only people from your country can understand?
What’s something people do that annoys you the most?
Redditors who lived in countries that no longer exist (Like Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia...etc) What was it like to see your country breakup?
Why do you NOT believe in god?
What are some real facts about serial killers?
Girls of reddit what you find attractive to a boy and what you don't find attractive to a boy?
Redditors who worked at defunct stores (Blockbuster, Circuit City, etc.), when did you realize they were done for?
You are allowed to put one F-Bomb in anything related to Disney (Marvel, Star Wars, etc.) Where would you put it?
What phrases have you noticed they always say on tv/movies that people never actually say in real life?
What does Antifa believe?
Hey Reddit people, what’s your most unreasonable pet peeves?
What's a delicious poor man's meal?
What have you not done, that most people your age have?
What do you do to get yourself to wake up?
Bartenders of Reddit, what’s an underrated drink more people should try?
What is the biggest ‘butterfly effect’ in the world history that ever happened?
The answer is: "No! It will kill us all." What's the question?
what's the shane dawson drama about?
Why is La Croix so popular when it tastes like ass? Do you think it is because La Croix is fancier or more Instagram-friendly than other sparkling waters?
What is the worst Askreddit question you can come up with?
Reddit, I've officially given up hope for "The Office." What are some shows you guys have given up on?
The last death you saw on screen is how you will die. How fucked are you?
What is something that is considered disrespectful in your country, but you don't know why?
How has Greta Thunberg affected your stance on climate change?
What is the best part about the country/state in which you live?
If you switched gender, what would your new name be?
As a Black person, a Time Machine wouldn't be that much fun for me to use. Folks, what are some present or future inventions you hear everyone else clamoring for that you know just isn't for you. 
What's something anyone can do to support the Black Lives Matter cause?
You got teleported 3 meters to the left, where are you now?
What looks really easy but is actually extremely difficult?
[Serious] When was the first time you stepped on your cat?
SpongeBob fans of reddit. What is the ending song of the episode "shanghaied"?
How likely do you think it is for an AskReddit question to get to hot?
What if poeple randomly just gave birth. Like if poeple gave birth with out warning. Just walking down the street then you get cramps like when you need to shit then BAM baby?
For those who were suicidal for having no reason to live -- no friends, no SO, no children, and no career or hobbies-- what finally made you not suicidal? What ended the constant suffering?
All You can eat buffet workers what are your horror stories?
How do you ruin a funeral by bringing only 1 item?
What's sounds like a good idea, but isn't?
Which basic knowledge did you totally forget for a moment?
You can choose one person from all of history to explosively shit themselves at a time of your choosing. Who and when do you pick to have the most positive impact on the world?
So your crush is in your bedroom, what now?
People who voted for Clinton in 2016 but are intending to vote for Trump in 2020 what made you change your mind?
People who have pets, what made you choose that animal instead of the rest?
What was your first video game?
If you could get $100 per jerk-off for life, or get $1 mil for 1 time, which would you choose and why?
[serious] how can America prevent the enemy from exploiting the ethnic tensions that keep us divided because the last thing we need is a emerging threat to incite sedition in minority or liberal communities to mitigate our ability to defend ourselves as a nation?
People who were raised by same-sex couples, what do you call them to avoid the confusion of two people with one name?
What updates for earth should happen next?
Out of everyone in this world, what do you think no one is doing right now?
Why can you only choose between Democrats en Republics in USA? In Holland we can choose between 13 political parties.
What awkward situations would be created if phone calls ended 10s later than being cut?
So how many people are going to turn in their Ar-14's in to Joe Biden?
People who vote for both Democrats and Republicans, how do you vote that way despite the candidates being on opposite sides of the political aisle?
What's so fun being pansexual? Aren't they just being bisexuals with extra steps?
whats the cringiest thing youve done in quarantine/lockdown ?
Those that think that man has never landed on the moon, or mankind has never sent anything into space, what is your reasoning?
People who have woken up from a coma, what was your experience afterward?
What is a cool subreddit most people don't know about?
What is the biggest secret you have kept from your parents?
If you could see one minute ahead of time, in your head whenever you wanted, what would you do with this power?
Should dog meat be banned? Why? Why not?
You are given the option to kill anyone with no consequences (the grandpa paradox will not occur). Who would you kill and why?
If you could anonymously punch anybody in the world, in the face, who would you punch?
Reddit, what movie title suddenly becomes hilarious when one word is replaced with "Penis?"
(Serious) First Responders of Reddit (911 included), what was the most horrifying scene you came across that really made you wish you went to work somewhere else?
People who have come from poverty/poor households to an upper-class lifestyle, what is your story?
What is your favorite Chinese food dish and why?
Without saying the title, how does your favorite movie end?
If you had the opportunity to become immortal, would you? Why or why not?
People who don’t talk to one or both of their parents, why?
People who are/former addicts, what is your reason for drug use?
What are some good songs to vibe to at night?
What would Trump have to do to get your vote?
Has Reddit been taken over by teenagers?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what do you hate most about America?
Aliens have just discovered Earth but have never discovered fiction. As such they think every book and live action movie is real. what book character/movie actor do they fear the most and why?
What video game clichés are you tired of?
Americans of Reddit; we keep hearing Americans calling your country the greatest despite it not being so on any metric. Why do you feel it is the greatest?
People who had covid-19 or know someone who did how bad was it?
[Serious] Why is it socially acceptable to believe in imaginary beings as long as they are religiously inspired?
What kind of 'medical condition' gives you an 'exemption' for wearing a mask Karen?
What is your awesome story with fortune cookies?
anyone wanna lift spirits.. jokes can help a lot when your feeling blue.. anyone got any good one?
What are best/most informatics CS channels on youtube?
people who comment but don’t upvote, why?
People who decline wear a face mask, what's stopping you?
[Serious] (pls help) What are some active SubReddits against Pedophilia and Grooming?
How would human life be different if crocodiles could fly?
Replace ONE word in any song title with the word Penis and what do you come up with?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a child only to find out it wasn't true way too late in your life?
if a guy were to come up to you on the street and offer you 1000$ to give him head what do you do?
What is that so offensive, yet you agree?
what was the strangest way you made money as a teenager?
How ‘Vegan’ are you?
Who is the most attractive person you've ever seen?
(NSFW) If this post was your pornhub search History, what would it say?
How did you study for your college entrance exams?
Are there any people who were raised by there nanny/babysitter/ caretaker and then had sex with them when you were old enough did you start a relationship or never pursued it?
What famous person is considered a hero, but actually isn't?
What was your first encounter with utter bullshit during your childhood?
People who have witnessed something and had to call the police, what was it like?
How do you prove a ghost exists?
People who are optimistic all the time, how the fuck do you do it?
What are we all missing right now, because it gets overshadowed by Corona Virus news?
Women who have slept with both the father and the son of the same family, how similar were their dicks?
What fact sounds legit but is actually fake?
What's the worse thing you've seen done in a sibling rivalry?
Dear Vegetarians of Reddit, what are your feelings on animal crackers? What are the moral implications of eating them while practicing vegetarianism?
Book smart people with no common sense, what is that like?
All candy is suddenly turned humanoid, what do you have sex with first? Why?
You choose a superpower, but every time you activate it you turn into a pig. What is it?
Why do you comment on AskReddit questions but not upvote them?
What does milf mean?
You have to fuck a guy in the ass, who would it be?
How old are you, and what is the best thing about your age??
What side effects of medicine you take are so bad that it almost makes taking it not worth it?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
Teachers of Reddit who told a student they would never amount to anything, why did you do it?
We exist in a simulation. Outside the simulation buddhas/angels are playing a video game to save the souls of as many of us as possible before time runs out. What is that video game and why?
[Serious] Redditors who have an allergy to MSG. What evidence/source have you read to support that claim?
People who prefers cuddle than sex or vice versa, what is your reason?
Look to your left. The first item you see is your only weapon against a zombie... what is the weapon, how will you use it, and how screwed are you?
Are there any really good mobile games out there that you would recommend? Why?
What's the word/phrase you've said the most in your lifetime?
Fire fighters of reddit,what is the weirdest thing someone wanted you to save?
What’s your reason to keep going?
What is the one piece of advice given by a teacher, you still remember?
If God did an AMA, what would you ask her?
Your username is what you have to act out to never be sick again. Will you do it?
What will happen if Donald Trump loses the 2020 election but refuses to leave office?
What is the best thing to cum into?
What whould you do if a boomer says "VideGAmes cAusE viOLenCe and they are pOiNtlesS"?
What's a song you love from a genre you don't?
You have to fight a celebrity who is 31 years older than you. Subtract 31 from your birth year and do a search for celebrities born that year. Who do you get?
Men of Reddit, What Are the Perfect Qualifications for your Female Partner to have?
Which YouTube channel completely lost its appeal when it “got big”?
[Serious] People who have been participating in looting of their own communities, what the f*ck is going through your head?
What's the worst example of personal hygiene you've ever seen from someone?
What if we only allowed people with a college degree and above to vote ?
Its international mens day. Men of reddit, how are you today?
Redditors with or who have recovered from covid-19. How did it differ from the standard cold or flu?
What are your experiences with a male Karen?
Scientists who are also religious, how do you manage to balance the dichotomy between your scientific understanding and your religious beliefs?
What about racism against whites? Any stories of being treated different for being white?
[serious] What's your "I've outsmarted your outsmarting" moment?
Guys of Reddit, if it were socially accepted, would you enjoy a slumber party with your bros where you gush about your crushes and get excited about telling them how pretty they are? And if you have done this, what was it like?
Lesbians of Reddit, what were you surprised to learn about other women's bodies?
What is the first thing you notice about a person?
girls of reddit, what's your "creepy men" story ?
What is your creepiest/scariest paranormal experience?
What is the weirdest type of porn have you watched?
I just farted so violently that I got a nosebleed. What's the dumbest way you've injured yourself?
When did people start feeling "oppressed" by EVERYTHING?
What’s your biggest gaming accomplishment?
People who do not like Donald Trump: Why not?
When you wash your hands, how much toothpaste do you use?
How do ugly boys turn up handsome as they grow up? Is there any secret?
Men of reddit, what is the biggest sign given by a girl that you missed?
Guys, what is most annoying/unattractive in a woman?
Nerds of Reddit, why are you hitting yourself?
VR now allows you to sell your experiences to others. Which memories would you put up for sale?
You're copulating with the High Priestess of Atlantis in a virtual reality game called Fucklantis, you have a SuckTube attached to your penis, but your mom walked into your room. What do you do?
Female users of reddit, what is your biggest turn on? (Serious) (NSFW)
What are your thoughts on space?
What is something you can say during sex and ordering a McDonald’s?
Which was worst: American Slavery or The Holocaust?
Can we show this family some love?
"Adam and eve are the first two humans on earth, and we all came from them", how could two persons give all this diversity of genes and races?
What species of animal would you be most terrified of if they had the same cognitive ability as humans?
There's a quote of Philip K. Dick that says: “There exists, for everyone, a sentence - a series of words - that has the power to destroy you". Which sentence is it for you?
How do you feel about eating fish?
Redditors, do you stand up, or sit down after you take a dump? Why do you prefer to wipe in this way?
What romantic character relationship is an example of a healthy relationship?
What is your experience working from home? How will your work change because of that?
Everyones head and penis/vagina has switched places, what are the differences in everyday life its caused?
If a drunk girl is too drunk to be responsible to consent then why is a drunk man supposedly responsible for understanding that?
You have no more than an hour to spend a million dollars. What ever you don't get to spend, you'll lose. What do you do with that money?
Americans, why is it so important to have two sinks in the bathroom?
What movie plot would be completely different if one character had a gun?
Alright redditors, what movie soundtracks are absolute jams all the way through?
Kirby just ate you. What power does he get?
If your personality was like a nutrition label what would it have?
If you had access to the dark web, what’s the first thing you would do on there?
Redditors in their 30s and 40s with no lower back pain. What's your secret?
What do you need to talk about right now?
Have you ever figuratively (or literally) "dodged a bullet"? How?
Where has r/circlejerk gone?
Your username is now also your superhero name. What are your powers?
As a man, when my Girlfriend asks me to piss sitting down, what should be my reply aside from "no"?
Redditors of reddit who don't like reddit, why?
What are some ways to gain karma quickly on reddit?
You can commit one crime and get away with it. What do you do?
You're lying in bed. You’re absolutely starving, but also absolutely exhausted from lack of sleep. What do you do?
What did you do??
People who don’t usually like to ship fictional characters, what is one ship that you actually agree with?
Redditors, what are subreddits that are actually games you can play with other redditors?
Vegans of reddit, when you’re sucking dick and you swallow, is that not vegan?
How does "America is Racist" translate to "Burn Wendy's to the ground"?
What country has become the new Nazi regime?
You are allowed to put one F-bomb in the entire Star Wars saga. Where would you put it?
If we lived on the moon, how would it look?
Hey Reddit.....Please help me come up with a suitable punishment for my teenagers.
Hey you, yes YOU, whats your name?
What is your most badass moment?
What’s a movie that not enough people have heard of, and you think more people should watch?
Why do you put 'People of reddit' or 'Redditors' at the begining of your question? Who else would answer besides redditors?
Guys with Parkinson's, how long do you shake after peeing?
Dogs of reddit how are you (bark bark bark bark bark)?
What are really good anime out there that aren’t a part of the main 5 people usually watch (Naruto, DBZ, MHA, AoT, One Piece etc)?
People that witnessed a racist moment, what's your story? Did you helped?
What is a very interesting question?
What is a sentence you can say during sex and at church?
What is something a teacher did that still pisses you off to this day?
What is your weird kink?
What's the most embarrassing thing auto-correct has ever done to you?
If you lose your virginity, how do you get it back?
Why'd anti-racism become more noticed when the George Floyd thingamajig happened, despite racism and slavery has been going on for years?
Colorblind People, What have been your biggest "Oh I Fucked Up" moments due to your condition?
How did the cartoons you watched as a kid shape you as an adult?
What's your thoughts on the return of Belle delphine? Do you think she'll stay this time or dip again?
People who have had sex with their step parents, why?
(Need help!) How to get a girlfriend?
When you die, would you rather be cremated or buried? And why?
ASK: Why FUCK was Reddit just down for an hour or so?
How can you improve easily?
How was your early and accidental introduction to $ex? Was it traumatic for you?
People who upvote but dont comment, why?
Who would you call if you caught bigfoot?
What is the most meaningful or powerful bible quote you'd like to share?
Men of Reddit: What would you like all women to stop doing, immediately, as of right now?
Without naming it, what is your state known for?
2 girls 1 cup have been captured by SCP, what happened and what are you gonna do?
What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?
Anyone who has taken part in Judge Judy, either as a party to a claim or as a part of the audience, what was it like? Any interesting/funny stories about what happens in between the cameras rolling?
You know that saying, "When God closes a door, he opens another"? When was there a time where you've lost an opportunity, only to be given a new one?
Just gonna ask this but if you can which septiceye or iplier ego would you be and why?
What foods are absolutely delicious, but are a pain in the ass to eat?
Would you do better than Donald Trump right now as a president and why?
What do you guys think of Aunt Jemima being canceled or being "rebranded"?
You wake up and earths gravity has dropped by 75%, how are you spending your day?
[serious] How would you feel about a secular Westboro Baptist Church-style group that picketed police officer funerals?
How do male Gynecologists separate business from pleasure?
Girlfriend left her Gmail open at my house, confirmed she's still cheating on me.  What should I do?
People sorting by new, what's up?
I have sort of a strange question for atheist people: if one day we're going to die and nothing at all is going to happen, why do you try so darn hard to make Christians - like me - believe what you believe?
What do you think of onlyfans?
What does your partner have to do to make up to you or have you forgive them?
Why does /r/anarchy have mods? Doesn't that defeat the whole purpose?
if you were forced to write a statement/quote on the back of your car, what would it be?
If you could give a TED talk about any topic what would it be?
You develop a special ability to see farts when they become released from the holder. How would you use this special ability?
People who doesn't wait for their friend to tie their shoes. Why?
What is your "instant downvote"?
What does it mean to be “more than friends, less than lovers” ?
What was the last straw in your friendship?
What is the most badass quote you can think of off the top of your mind upon reading this question?
People who shoved their school papers in their backpack with no binder/folder etc, Where are you now?
Why let the number of upvotes determine the amount of money you donate to charity? Why not just donate what you can instead of whoring imaginary internet points?
What should be done to stop climate change?
What is your opinion of Religion?
Redditors from 2050, how are the video game graphics like?
What is something you can say at Walmart that you can also say during sex?
[Serious] Night Owls of Reddit, what have you witnessed at night that truly horrified you?
Potheads of Reddit, what's your favorite type of pot to put on your head?
[NSFW] What plotlines would we see in a "Dark Pixar" universe?
People who refuse to accept apologies from companies or hate it when they show their support for LGBT / BLM, why?
Your favorite song is how you die. How do you die?
What fact amazes you everytime you think about it?
People of Reddit, why does the word "sex" earn you so many fake internet points?
What do you think would have happened to the world if religions were never created?
People who fucked their step mom/sister, How you felt when you found out that the people in step mom/sister videos are not really step mom/sister?
What’s the worst thing you ever did to your SO after a breakup?
What is your country classical children's mother's day gifts ?
I'm 17, and I feel tempted to just give up on life..
People who blast music from their car with the windows down, why do you do it? Do you enjoy being a scumbag?
Why should you NOT be the president?
Yes or no have you ever been involved in human trafficking? And why?
What are some regular problems that aren't actually that bad but make you want to watch the world BURN?
PT Cruiser owners: How did that abomination come in to your life?
What are some stereotypes about Latin America?
Who is a singer whose voice irks you?
A ghost will haunt you forever. You can choose who he/she was before dying. Who's your ghost?
Reddit, what do you look like normally, and what's the most hideous face you can make? I'll start.
How do you think the world would change if people didn’t have sex for fun?
You wake up as a jar of mayonnaise. How will this affect your musical career?
People with fake deer, ducks, or other animals in their yard, why?
When Bernie becomes President, will America become a better place?
What's your kinkiest secret?
Which songs incite powerful emotions for you?
What movie did you rewatch years later as an adult and realize just how much of your world view/ attitude was based on it growing up?
Why some people have more affection for a dog than other people?
Who serves the best French fries?
What is your weapon of choice?
What’s the story behind your username?
What is the first time that you have had sex and how?
What made you want to turn your life around?
Your username is now an airline. What happens onboard the flights?
People of reddit who were told not to have a child with your broken marriage but having a child ended up helping, what is your story?
What’s the weirdest/most creative WiFi name you’ve seen?
Have you ever been (actively) shut for asking the "wrong" question? What happened?
Who is your favorite father in movies/books/anime/video games?
What are the chances for this question to reach popular?
Cardi B's 'money' is above Pink Floyd's on google, how do we fix it?
You are paid $1,000,000 a year to sit in an empty room for 8 hours a day. What do you do all day?
Redditors who confessed to their crushes, how did it go?
People who enjoy anal on reddit, do you get excited when you take a big shit?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool but actually has the opposite effect?
What's the funniest thing you've seen at a funeral?
What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
What is your goal in life?
Women of reddit: what do you think when men tell you pickup lines? Does it work or is it just plain cringy?
What's something you don't understand the hype about?
What is one thing non American Redditor's hate about America/Americans?
Men of Reddit: what is some of the "guy code" things that girls probably do not know about?
I imagine I'll be downvoted into oblivion, but I'm sincerely wondering: Has the OWS movement actually accomplished anything?
Uni students of Reddit, what is the biggest "FuckYou" that your University gave during Covid?
You get $1,000,000 however, it's because $100 is taken from 10,000 random people. If nobody knows that you got the money, would you do it, why/why not?
People that have dated a crazy person, when did you find out they were crazy?
How do you feel about a law that if any president got impeached in their 1st term, they would be disqualified to run again for re-election?
People who voted for Trump and now regret it, what changed your mind?
Deaf people of reddit what do you think sound is like?
What Episode of a TV show could you watch over and over again?
How much does a horse ejaculate?
Without saying the title, what’s your favorite video game?
What's the worse thing you've stuck in your vagina?
If you could teach the entire world just one concept, what would it be?
African people of reddit, which stereotypes about our continent piss you off?
Who are you voting for 2020?
Which of you are still listening to Kanye West and why are you keeping him famous?
Why is it ok to say that a thin person should eat more, but a taboo to say a fat person needs to eat less?
What year were you born and what is your height?
If you could magically put Barack Obama back in office as President of America right now in 2020. Would you do it? Why? Why not?
How long do you think it will be until a reddit post hits 1 million upvotes for the first time? And what will the post be?
If your username was a superpower what would it be?
What is the creepiest, bone chilling post on Reddit?
What food made you think how the frick did our ancestors found out this was edible?
To all the UPS drivers: what is the most memorable/shocking sex proposition you have received during work ( from co-workers, superiors or customers)?
People who use ‘your’ when you actually mean ‘you’re’, why?
Why are you people sorting by new?
Americans, why do you consider yourself to be the greatest country in the world and what other countries have you actually visited?
Yo reddit bro's, why are you all so collectively whiney about women?
Actors/Actresses: If performing sex scenes is strictly business and "just part of the job", would you perform a sex scene with a sibling? 
NSFW For every day that you don't nut or squirt. It increases in velocity by 10mph. What do you do with this new function?
Reddit what are your thoughts on cucks?
Republicans who are still voting for Trump, why?
[NSFW] Redditors- why should we fuck you?
Asking from America, what's life like in a functional representative democracy?
What will you do if you saw or have seen aliens inside your house?
What's one place you should never put your dick?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the biggest case of "faking it" you've ever seen?
What's the worst abuse you have ever faced? How did you manage to escape?
In honor of Black Lives Matter, Who was the kindest black person you've met and how did they make an impact on your life?
[SERIOUS] What is a seemingly harmless parenting mistake that will majorly fuck up a child later in life?
How long do you barbecue your soup for?
What’s the worst LEGAL thing you can do?
If your username is the answer, what's the question?
Let’s guess your country - what are some weird and wonderful things about your homeland?
Who’s internet is down?
What did you recently do that you’re proud of?
People with gaped bumholes of reddit what is it like to shit and fart? Can you not hold it back anymore and do you constantly shit yourself in public now?
Why, oh why, does Reddit hate women? Can someone say something nice about women? 
Has anyone been a part of a youtube prank show. Most of their prank look they’ve done with paid actors. Can you share your experiences?
Now that we found racism cures the plague, what effect will next week's alien invasion have on society?
what was the best way you've seen a manager dealt with a Karen?
Why do you watch gay porn knowing you are totally straight?
Whats the scariest thought or dream you’ve had?
What's a confusing social-skills question that you have?
Couples who have moved in together, what surprised you most about living with a male/female?
It’s the year 2050 and the term “ok millennial” is trending. What are the reasons the young generation is using it?
Have you ever been in a "You weren't supposed to see that" situation? What happened?
You’re about to be killed, but when all hope is lost, a fictional character shows up to save you. Without stating their name, and by only describing their entrance, who is it?
What normal thing have you never owned?
What do you think about Cops getting away with plain murder? Should they be banned from being a cop forever?
What's your favorite quote from a video game?
Night owls that became morning birds, how'd you do it and which do you prefer?
Former racists of reddit, what's the worst thing you or your family made you do?
How come people still vilify meat when it’s pretty much proven to be one of the healthiest things you can eat?
Who else wishes the human race would just go extinct?
If you took the concept of odd vs even numbers and applied it to words, what would it mean?
Let's say that there are Gay Incels out there, are they considered dangerous by nature? Why or why not?
People who became memes. What meme are you and how did it change your life?
Girls, what items are appropriate to masturbate/ use as a dildo?
In 50 years when we tell our kids and grandkids about 2020, what’s the first thing we tell them?
Adding a REVERSE POST SEARCH feature that tells you whether the content you are about to post is a repost or not can help the Reddit community to stay fresh with new content and not reposts. Why haven't the developers added a feature like this yet?
What would be the dumbest, lamest, most boring super power possible that would still give you a one up over normal people?
WW3 has begun, who will you feel safer with as our commander in charge, Trump or Biden?
Why do you believe in Magic, superstitions, religion? If you don't how do you deal with those who do?
What can you say during both sex and a funeral?
What would you do if your friend confided in you she was getting paid $350 to get shit on by a grown man and she had to shit into a noodle strainer and play with it like a child?
If Trump doesn’t get re-elected... what will you miss?
Why can gender be changed by preference but age cannot be?
What is the most wholesome conspiracy theory you can come up with?
I work in a restaurant as a busser. Today I watched my manager kick out a large group of people waiting for a table because one of them called me a thing. I am an FTM transgender.  I have never felt so grateful for someone sticking up for me. Reddit, tell me some of your most grateful moments.
How would you want to be greeted by Aliens?
There’s a gun to your head. To survive you have to sing a (proper) song word for word from start to finish. What are you choosing?
What's the biggest lie you've heard about college?
How does circumcision work with Deadpool?
We are now less than 45 days from April Fool's Day. What 'long con' pranks should be started around now?
What did you find out about your friends sex life that actually shocked you?
Can Transgendered people choose the size of their cock/tits when they transition?
You're going to die in 48 hours, and you are given the option to do any pornstar with no limits before you die. Which pornstar do you choose?
It seems like the Atheists of today are becoming exactly what they hate.
Pansexuals of Reddit, what makes you so attracted to pans?
Jar Jar Binks arrives at your home, nude, with several gallons of space mustard that he wants to rub on your thighs. Do you let him in, why/why not, guy?
What piece of advice would you give to a fourteen year old?
Do you think the United States is getting closer to a civil war if so why or why not?
What do you think about Greta Thunberg, the 16 year old climate activist? Is she a person to admire?
Men of reddit: would you date a girl like this? Why or why not? Details inside...
What is the worst thing possible to sell in a supermarket?
To All trainers/speakers : How do you manage to conquer your fear and anxiety especially if the participants are more tenured, older and more experienced than you?
Were you ever that 1 in 1,000,000? If so, what's your story?
You've invented a new alarm clock called the "Rude Awakening." What does it do?
George Carlin said “Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.” What real life example have you seen that validates this view?
How can you summarize historical events so they sound like porn titles? [NSFW]
Married or engaged people of reddit, whats your proposal story?
What movie from the 2010s would be considered a classic in 20 years?
Your username says how your best freind dies how do you pepare them?
what's your favorite old game?
What is the most useless fact you know?
How loud is a rape whistle?
Do you need a virtual hug? What's wrong?
When you were a sperm, which one of your dad's balls do you think you were in?
How do you make someone fall in love?
[Serious] What was your most dangerous expierence with karens? Like, life threatening encounter?
What can Americans do to help the migrants held in concentration camps?(Serious)
What FREE thing on internet you think everyone should take advantage of?
I just found out my best friend is in love with me. What do I do?
Which fictional character is a Karen?
People who like to take walks: why? What makes you want to get outside and be active?
You have been given the opportunity to change the Ten Commandments, what would you change in them to make this world better?
What’s a memory of your mother that you just can’t forget?
What do the rich buy that the poor don't even know is available for purchase?
People who can just lay down at night and fall asleep immediately, how do you do it?
This Simpsons predicted that trump was going to be the president. Who did they predict who was going to be next?
[Serious] trans people of Reddit, what's the most outrageously transphobic situation you've experienced? And what's the happiest trans-related memory you can recall in your life?
People of Reddit, when did you first realize that what was happening this year was not just overblown media stuff, that it was actually serious?
What really are the first few signs of “love”?
Redditors with foot fetishes, how did you develop a foot fetish?
You can only drink one type of beer for the rest of your life, which one is it?
Your username is now the name of a country. What are it’s policies?
How do people still use this subreddit even with the 'strict' enforcement?
Black American cops of reddit, what are your thoughts?
What does it mean to be baldless?
Doctors of Reddit, what is something that you wish everyone knew about their body?
Why can’t we all get along?
What’s something you’re glad your friend introduced you to?
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the second best time is now. (Chinese proverb) how does this relate you?
What is the scariest thing you’ve ever seen while driving at night?
What is something that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime?
Round earthers or reddit, how do you not fall of the earth if your planet is so round?
How can Black Lives Matter use BLM when the Bureau of Land Management has been using it for decades?
Why are you on reddit right now instead of protesting?
What is the your experience encountering pretty people with ugly personalities?
How many of you did not follow Lost and will not be watching the finale?
What is your favorite time of day, and why?
Which Marvel Cinematic Universe Character is your favorite and why?
Can we please give a shit about Reddiquette and not downvote for disagreement's sake?
Non-US residents of Reddit: if someone asked you to make American food for dinner, what would you serve?
Rick Astley, if you're reading this, do you just wanna tell us how you're feeling?
Which r/AskReddit repost never fails to suck you in every time?
Which movie has the best opening five minutes?
My boyfriend lied about looking at porn.  How do I approach this?
[Serious]Where can u download a FREE Personal loan agreement form fill-able if possible?
where can you adopt an 18 year old blonde?
What is your go to activity on your day off from work/school?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
If the purge was an actual annual event, what crime would you commit?
Dear blind people of reddit, how are you?
For the next 24 hours you will not feel pain and all injuries will be immediately be undone, for each bone you break without dying; you earn $5000 dollars. what will you do for the day?
Psychiatrists/psychologists/therapists/doctors of reddit - what was the most dangerous moment you have lived through while with a patient?
Redditors who have been president of the united states before, whats it like?
Teachers of Reddit, what's the weirdest encounter you had with a parent of one of yours students?
Have you had sex with your sibling? If so, what train of thought led you to that moment? (Serious) NSFW
People who voted for trump in 2016, are you regretting it, and are you going to vote for him again?
What are your tips to cooking a good steak?
Who is actually a really terrible person? What crimes did they commit?
What are your favorite conversation "flashbangs" you use to confuse people?
What kink did you think you had, until you tried it? [NSFW]
What’s your favorite romance movie?
Female redditors, have you ever showed your best friend any personal bodypart? If so, why?
To those that live in Italy, how is the situation right now with coronavirus and lockdown?
Religious people, what's one thing that people usually get wrong about your religion?
Which do you prefer bongs, blunts, or joints and why?
What does to females, what wearing a short pretty skirt does to men? What about men starts arousal in a similar way?
If Gordon Ramsay saw your cooking skills, what would he say?
People who call yourselves The Resistance. What's with the cringe?
Women of Reddit, what’s something important you think men really don’t understand about being a woman?
0.1% doesn't seem much, however, What would horribly, catastrophically, go wrong if it was off by 0.1%?
Those living in countries or states where the government did a good job in combatting COVID-19, how do you feel when you look at countries such as the UK, worser hit parts of the USA, and Brazil?
US Citizens, why do you think non-US Citizens are so obsessed with us, so that we see the exact same questions about what people hate/like about "America" every week, but we rarely see those same questions about UK, Russia, China, Japan, Australia, or any other country on the planet?
Men of Reddit, what are some problems men face that women wouldn’t understand?
[serious] People of reddit that are shy around girls and don’t really have a lot of friends that are girls, just guy friends, how did you get a girlfriend?
What would happen if Donald Trump unilaterally stopped sending out Social Security checks, and refused to obey any court order to restore them?
Gamers of Reddit, What game are you nostalgic for but doesn't quite hold up against the test of time?
Why are the people who sort by new so awesome?
Why do all K-POP Stars look alike?
What's a fun fact about yourself?
What are some recent scientific breakthroughs/discoveries that aren’t getting enough attention?
What is your spookiest ghost story?
Republicans who aren’t voting for Trump, why?
If a good superpower costed $1,000,000, what superpower could you get for just $10?
What are some good reasons to vote for Trump?
Trans women of Reddit: How is a female orgasm different from a male orgasm?
[NSFW] Men of Reddit that like their wives to be fucked by other men, why?
What would you rate the last of us part two from one to ten?
it’s the morning of Jan. 20, 2021. Trump doesn’t meet President-elect Joe Biden and his wife in the White House driveway, nor does he attend the inauguration on Capitol Hill. Instead, he proclaims, as he has many times by this point, that the election was a fraud. What happens?
What minor thing offends you the most?
Want to dive into the vast sea of Philosophy. Someone please recommend a novice on how to start?
Have you ever been falsely accused or threatened to be accused of rape or sexual harassment by a woman? What do you think should be an appropriate punishment for false accusers?
Australians.... you call the continent ‘Oceania’ Australia. Essentially making the country Australia part of the continent Australia. When and how did this come about?
What are some obvious and not-so-obvious ways a male can make themselves more attractive?
Your username is the reason you had your first orgasm, why did you have your first orgasm and how?
What is a creative acronym for the letters T.R.U.M.P?
Your last search results is now how Covid is cured in the world. How are we all saved?
[Serious] Atheists of Reddit, how do you know God DOESN'T exist?
Dear redditors, why do you have to be so mean?
If 7-11 is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, why are there locks on the doors?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
What's the most NSFW thing you did?
Teachers who have had to clean out students lockers, what’s the worst/weirdest/grossest thing you’ve found in them?
What is a conspiracy theory that makes sense?
Fellow redditors, who's the oldest person you've known to lose their virginity?
Why are we busy blaming the guns for the CT shooting when there is ample evidence that Adam Lanza's mother knew he was mentally ill, did nothing about it, and failed to properly secure her weapons?
What’s the worst thing you saw happen at a funeral?
White people of Reddit, what are some ways white people face racism?
Gamers of reddit, If you were asked to pick a game that will use a smart watch as a second screen, Which game would you suggest?
What's a song you love, but avoid listening to because of how powerfully emotional it is for you?
If you were a bender and could manipulate one of the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) which one would you choose and why?
What really makes your blood boil?
"No one is born racist" and how do people become racist?
If people were THAT offended over the last jedi why did 9 still make a billion dollars?
Girls of Reddit, what's it like having tits?
[Serious]Of all Donald Trumps screw ups: which one has been the worst?
If viruses had a gender, which gender would they be classed as?
Chocolate is now illegal. What’s its street name?
I'm 25(f) and probably going to prison for the next 3 to 5 years for something that I didn't do.  How can I spend this time positively?
So far what have you learned on Reddit?
Reddit, why do you keep asking some many shitty questions about sexual things? Are you 12?
You have the ability to do absolutely nothing for extremely long period of time. What is a way you can make Money out of it ?
What looked amazing in the ads, but turned out to be useless after you bought it?
Who is the leader of the Civil Rights movement? Is it time for Barack Obama to come out of retirement and take the reins?
I just got raped. I have no idea what to do. Please help me.
Your username is your username, you username usernames, what is your username’s username?
What bands would make up your playlist?
Reddit, I love you, but I don't get it -- All of the "Troll Face", "FUUUUUU", "Me Gusta", "Challenge Accepted", etc. stuff is just lame.  What is the obsession?
If you could replace your blood with anything and still live what would you choose?
Fat people of Reddit who choose not to lose weight, why do you want to stay fat despite the health risks as well as social problems that come with it?
Communism is reestablished, and your neighbour hates you, and is planning to tell the stalin of your country that you are planning to betray the state. how do you stop them?
What MLM scam did you fall for and why did you choose to get into it?
What is the correct religion to belong to?
Hey criminals, what is one crime that you DIDN’T get caught doing that was worth doing?
What is your opinion on nepotism?
whomst else think new reddit sucks ass?
Programmers of Reddit, what's the dumbest thing you've been asked by non-programmers ?
What are some ways to tell if somebody masturbates thinking about you, without checking their phone ?
Engineers of Reddit, what was the most satisfying problem you had to solve?
Coders of Reddit, how do you politely refuse your friend's 'million dollars app idea'?
Etymologists of Reddit, what is the coolest origin of a word? Entomologist of Reddit, what's your best bug fact?
Why don't everyone upvote everything they see so everyone can have a good day?
What do you absolutely hate about America?
What do u think about greta thunberg?
I'm in my (walk-in) closet while my brother and his fiance are 'having fun' in my room. I can see them. They haven't started anything yet. They think I'm in another city. When they start fucking what should i do?
If you had to be one cartoon character, which would you choose?
How safe are vaginas?
What’s the most “are you really that stupid” thing you’ve ever heard ?
How did your mom pass?
Who is Jesus Christ to you?
What is Donald Trump's spirit animal, and would Don Jr. shot and mount it (in any of the ways that could be taken)?
What's a true fact that people refuse to believe?
How do you come up with new topics and continue your conversation?
What is your funniest poop story?
If everything was edible, what would you eat first?
People who believed Kavanughs accusers, but not Biden’s, why?
Reddit, how would you feel about a law banning radio commercials from using beeps/sirens so drivers can stop panicking?
What children's movie is actually very creepy/unsettling?
What are some common "facts" that people believe to be true even if the existing evidence states the contrary?
Why Do You Downvote?
How many colors of the alphabet does it take to taste math?
When did the Mainstream Media Twist the Truth?
Children of Karens, what is the most embarrassing moment you've had with your mom?
What is it that you’re worried about that the average person/people seem oblivious to and should be on their radar even with everything else that is happening right now?
How would you feel if we banned all these “how would you feel” posts?
What’s a good excuse to use when calling out of work?
Morning People of Reddit, What makes you want to get up so early?
How did you know they were the one?
So. A girl at my work accidently saw my penis...
What’s a “wise” life lesson you have learnt?
If the United States had a hunger games and each state had two tributes, which state would win and why?
What's the dumbest thing you've said?
People who were involved with incest. Just WHY?
Having dinner at a friends house, what's the most awkward thing that has happened?
Actors who were selected for a role described as ugly, how did that part feel to play?
Porn Actors of Reddit, what is something The viewers REALLY dont know?
Your job is to scare a cashier with 2 items, what do you buy?
Heterosexuals of Reddit, when did you realize you weren't gay?
If Trump pardons Joe Exotic and makes him the face of the gay Republican movement, what would the pride flags and marches be like? What would their slogan be?
What do you think about most?
You wake up in your bed and you’re only 12 years old, everything since was just a dream but you have the knowledge of your older self. What do you do differently?
Yo, what the fuck?
How do you deal with depression?
If works of art were people, who would be the A-list celebrities?
Legal Practitioners, if you would secretly add 3 laws, without anyone knowing, what would it be?
When has a person, in an attempt to be smart, said something very stupid?
What’s it like having positive karma?
Native english speakers, do you ever watch movies with subtitles even if the show is spoken in english? If yes, why?
If "Bullshit" means fake and "Batshit" means crazy what do the other "shits" of the animal kingdom mean?
Good morning! Good morning! Hope you slept the whole night through. So good morning good morning to you! Do y’all have any big plans for the day?
What was the stupidest thing you did with your genitalia?
What is your nightmare fast food story?
What’s a real fact that some people don’t want to accept?
what do you do to get rid of annoying kid?
Redditors (and people who know someone) who sell content via OnlyFans. Is it a livable wage? Any fun stories?
What have you learned about your coworkers that you wish you could unlearn?
What is dangerous to forget?
What did beep beep beep?
What has been your biggest fuck-up leading up to this point in life?
What insult hurt you the most?
[Serious] Redditors that have had a threesome and regretted it, what was the unexpected fallout?
Who was that one teacher at school that was just the best?
What’s the Cards Against Humanity combination you’ll always remember?
TIL Gandhi regularly beat his wife and kids, his son converted to Islam, he had a friend in Hitler, and told the Jews to commit a mass suicide. What have you learned about a revered leader that blew your mind?
Yo Reddit! What’s a small thing that anyone can do at nearly anytime to improve their mood and make them happier?
Sexy sexers of reddit what is the best sex you ever sex'd and why?
Reddit- What is the guiltiest fap you have ever had? [NSFW]
Which movie do you never grow tired of watching again every once in a while ?what makes it so appealing for you ?
People who wear sweat pants in 100 degree weather, why?
When was the last time you cried and why ?
What's one unrealistic thing in games/movies that is annoying?
A war breaks suddenly out in your country and your city is getting bombed. What do you do or where do you hide without an air-raid shelter?
What's a random fact about you?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
You are a wizard that can only cast spells that mildly annoys people. What is your signature spell?
What song never fails to make you cry?
What was your first car?
What exactly is success? Money? Fame? Love? Peace? Health?
There's a large spider on your shoulder, how do you react?
What are some books you were made to read for school that ended up being great?
When is quantity better than quality?
Which song when you listen every time, gives you goosebumps?
You have been hired to do a "reverse remake" ie take a well liked modern movie and now you have to make it with famous actors of another time period. Which movie do you pick, which time period/actors (bonus if black &amp; white) and which plot points do you change to pander to that era's tastes?
What’s the plural of cum?
What is a cause of death you certainly don’t want to die from?
[Serious] Why should a 13 year old not be allowed to vote?
If Americans have "karens," what does your country/home country have?
What are some good protection / companion dogs about medium size for a 60 to 70ish year old woman?
What’s the best thing that could happen to you today?
When you tryin to be all hard and shit, what is it you're actually trying to say, coherently?
Which cryptocurrencies are safe from the threat of quantum computing?
Yo-yo-yo how is it rolling bro?
Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?
Dear Russian and Chinese bots; how satisfied are you with the division and discontent currently in the US? What are your upcoming challenges and next steps?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the least plausible story about you that is true but yet no one ever believes it ?
If your username was your stage name how successful of a stripper would you be?
Your dick is now only 1 cm but can grow to a 20 inch boner, what do you do with it?
Redditors who have rickrolled Rick Astley, how did it change your life?
What is a stupid social thing that we all need to just stop doing?
Men and women of reddit.. what have you learnt from dating an independant single parent? What would you say are the pros and cons?
Furries of reddit, what made you be a furry?
Americans of reddit: Which is more dangerous, Trump's stupidity or his narcissism?
What do you blame on the system as opposed to your own mistakes and why?
How would the world be if instead of shaking hands,men would greet other men by fapping each other's dick?
Sex havers of reddit. What’s the big deal about sex?
What's your opinion on next USA president to be atheist?
Mall Santas of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a kid asked for Christmas?
What’s the most pointless thing you can buy?
[Serious] Former Trump supporters... what was the straw that broke the camel's back?
What life saving tips do you have for disabled people (of all types, physical, mental etc)? [serious]
Racist of reddit: why are you racists?
Which movie title becomes really funny when you end it with the words “in my ass” ?
People who have died in lava or fires, what was it like?
What's something that has made you think "Wait a second..."?
Someone is trying to kill you with a grape. How do you fend them off?
Redditors who have eaten at the Times Square Olive Garden, why?
What would you do to curb the negative affects of capitalism?
For those Redditors who have had Lucid Dreams, what is it like?
Belle Delphine or Cardi B? Who'd you smash?
If you had $50,000 (per year) to spend on a civic action in your town, what would you do?
What actor is bad at acting but is hot enough for people not to care?
Mailmen/women of Reddit, what interesting things have you seen through peoples blinds while delivering packages?
Redditors, what made you realize you were dating an attractive person?
What are some of the best movie titles if you replace one of the words with penis?
When was the last time that you cried so hard that it made you change your life?
What was your proudest fap?
What's something you whole-heartedly believe but just don't have enough evidence to prove it yet?
If Breaking up with someone was a videogame, what would some of the loading screen tips be?
girls of Reddit what is it like to be horny from a girls perspective?
What's a question you want to ask an expert?
How did you learn to respect yourself more?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
Women of Reddit, I always get an erection when I hug/interact with my girlfriend. We've been dating for almost two years. Does it get old?
After winning the 2020 U.S. Presidential election, how will Americans react to having their first animated president, Mickey Mouse?
How do you get over someone?
Reddit, what's something your parents hid from you that you are glad they did in the long run?
If Jesus was a last minute candidate to be nominated for the Presidential election this year, what kind of 'dirt' would the two parties dig up and spread to stop Jesus from winning?
What is your favorite word?
What is the craziest encounter of 'rich kid syndrome' that you have experienced?
How gay is it to have a threesome with your best friend and a blow-up doll, but only fuck the doll?
If horses didn’t exist, what animal would’ve become the traditional ‘mount’ for knights and cowboys?
What is your benchmark for if someone is physically fit?
What video game that hasn't been released yet are you most excited about, and why is it Fallout 4?
Parents of reddit , why don't you let your kids voice their opinion in the middle of an arguement and if you do let them , do you listen to what they are trying to say?
What are some huge GREEN flags that are often overlooked?
What are some things you can do that would make everyone you know stop liking you?
What's the most complicated way you've seen someone solve an easy problem?
What are your favorite subreddits?
What's the biggest red flag when meeting new people?
If Today was the last day of your life what would you do?
What is your opinion about every race every sexuality and every human being equal? And why?
What is something you could say during sex and with your teammates during a football/soccer game?
From the view of philosophy, literature, or STEM... who are you?
What would you like to see more often in media?
Why are people so easily offended nowadays?
Guys without sisters, how did you learn to kiss?
People of reddit, why/how did you join?
[NSFW] God came down from heaven to your bedroom and told you, that he'll make your biggest wish come true if you gave him a blowjob. Do you do it and why?
Who's that person you know that's both unbelievably intelligent but extremely stupid at the same time?
Redditors are are considered funny, why are you considered funny?
What’s an insult that sounds like a compliment?
People who work at a ball pen factory, what does it feel like to immerse your hand into a bucket of ball pen balls?
Redditors who have tried to hide on your cruise when it ended so that you could stay on the ship for the next round, how did that go?
What’s something $100 or less but is a total game changer? [serious]
For those redditors who listen to classic rocks, would you prefer the Beatles or Queen? Why?
Hey, where were you living when you didn't have a job?
The House impeaches the President but they offer to rescind it if Trump can do one pushup. What happens?
Which camera is best for photoshoot at FaceTime: iPhone 6s or MacBook Air 2014?
If someone borrowed your body for a week, what quirks would you tell them about so they are prepared?
[Serious] Americans of Reddit, please could you explain why your political ‘checks and balances’ don’t appear to be preventing Trump from wielding too much power?
Why should anyone believe anything Trump has to say?
Anti-Gun people of reddit, now that you have seen the police brutality on TV with your own eyes, what are your thoughts on civilian firearm ownership and the 2nd amendment now?
People of Reddit, what's tge most important part of being a gamer streaming on every platform (Twitch, Youtube, etc.) ?
Polyamorous people, why not leave some pity love for us ugly people?
Hey guys, what jobs have you had in life ?
Could you catch corona from up the butt, why or why not?
So, boycotting SOPA seemed to work. Anyone wana boycott candy bar prices at the movies with me?
Reddit, what was the moment you lost respect for someone close in in your life?
Who is sick of Joe Blow moderator who doesn't get it?
What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to turn off all america related posts in reddit?
Is there any one thing in the world that everyone can agree on?
Whats name ofmovie identical to thering butabout a creepy phoneringtone?
Why do the vast majority of my AskReddit questions fail to break 3 upvotes?
NSFW If you could have sex with any person, living or dead, what position would you choose?
Men of Reddit, if you could replace your dick with another thing what would it be ?
What's a little-known but obvious fact that will immediately make all of us feel stupid?
What are some good games (board, drinking...) to play when you invite ppl over?
Men that have tasted their own cum, why?
Smokers who quit, what were some surprising side-effects to quitting (good or bad)?
[Serious] What is a good way convince someone that wearing a mask is not a political issue?
You have the choice of having a 20 percent chance of shitting yourself everyday or a 20 percent chance of all your clothes disappearing for 6 hours everyday. Which do you choose?
Why do you think Ron Paul was the youth candidate in 2011 and now such a polar opposite candidate is their guy?
What are the reasons to commit life or alternatively not commit lifen't?
What is the best example of "just because you can, doesnt mean you should"?
If you could have lunch with one person alive or dead, who would it be?
If you caught your partner "sexting" would you consider it cheating? Would it break the trust? Why or why not?
What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
White people: what's it like being white?
Redditors, Why is Gamora?
Past marijuana smokers of Reddit, why did you quit?
Metalheads of Reddit, how would you know if that one person is a poser?
If you got offered $1,000,000 USD but every time you spend it you sneeze for every dollar you spend, would you take it? Why or why not?
Caught my husband cheating and he's threatened to take away our kids if I move out or file for divorce. Help?!
If one animal was made the size of a whale, which would be the scariest?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
Since it is Pride month, what is your view about nudity and sexual activities on Pride Parades?
Would you eat a bag of fried baby foreskin "onion rings" for a million dollars? And if so, how would you live with being a cannibal?
My son is a college student who gets bad grades because of his addiction to video games. How do I curb his addiction?
What would you do if your girlfriend turned into the moon?
People of Reddit, how can we support BLM?
How can one get a snake off their penis after they were laying out naked in the Arizona desert?
Why are you even bothering to answer this question?
Dr.Fauci is doing a pretty good job keeping people informed. What will be Trump's reason for firing him?
What compliment made you blush?
[Serious] Autistic people of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew about Autism?
To the 40% of cops who are domestic abusers, how often were you bullied in kindergarten?
What's the fastest you've seen a crowd go from excited to horrified?
You get to have sex with the Woman/Man of your dreams. However, there is press conference after discussing your performance. Do you do it, why or why not?
Redditors who were dating someone that went from "I think I want to marry this person" to "I think I need a restraining order", what happened?
People who settled for a partner because it was the smartest thing to do, how did it turn out?
What do you guys think will happen with the looming threat of mass automation replacing most jobs in the near future?
What is something positive Donald Trump has done?
What do you consider to be "black people" food?
What brands or companies are actually evil?
How would you want your body to be dealt with after you die (burial, cremation, etc.)?
When did you realise you weren't a child anymore?
Your stripper name is your favorite candy flavor along with something you do every day. What is your stripper name?
Girls of reddit what is the preferred penis size? Long and thick, long and semi thick, or short and chubby?
What two porn genres do you want to unite?
Someone once said "Everyone sees the world in a different way; so when someone dies, it is - in a way - the death of an entire world." So, Reddit. . . what unique world will die with you?
What is something men can do to garner more sexual attention that isn’t cringe?
Reddit, what would you do if your nipples had tiny little hands on them? 
If you were immortal and couldn't get injured/sick, what would you do?
What's the best way to ruin a perfectly good bout of depression?
What shouldn’t satisfy you, but does anyway?
Redditors who keep asking 9/11 questions on 9/11 are you not sick of asking it every year?
Do you think couples right now are having more sex because they are home together longer or less sex because they are home together longer? Why?
You’re dating a beautiful girl, you joined her to her room, then she overwhelmed you and took out her 12 inch penis. What do you do?
What's your worst neighbor story?
What subreddit do you wish you knew the history of?
Americans - how has not having free healthcare negatively affected your life?
All Brits die a little inside when they watch an American make tea in the microwave. What's an equivalent horror for an American?
What’s the most useless subject in school?
What's the most fucked up shit you've walked into?
What time do you wake up?
Why the fuck can't we all just get along?
Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent illogical breakdown they’ve had?
What’s the most illegal thing you’ve done?
The platypus is usually made fun of for the way it looks despite being one of two mammals that have changed the least from evolution proving that it has one if the greatest designs. What other examples are there of something being far greater than you first assumed?
Your username is the title of a porno. What is it about?
What is a good Iphone 7 case that is waterproof and has a belt clip? Why?
If buying groceries were a game, what are some of the loading screen tips?
Tattoo artists, what pieces are you tired of doing?
People in America do u actually put all of ur stuff in a little cardboard box when u get fired?
What did a crush do that made you immediately lose interest?
What are your thoughts on the phrase “all lives matter”?
What’s the worst gift you have ever received?
If your cum turned to solid gold after you came, how would you use this? (Obvs NSFW)
How do you get a hot post on AskReddit?
What‘s the worst way/place to be caught jerking off?
People who dressed up as clowns and lurked in woods or fields in 2016, why?
With everything going on, what are some positive police stories?
People who date porn stars (active or inactive) what's it like?
You are allowed to remove one country from existence without consequence. Which one would you pick and what's your reason?
Who is your daddy and what does he do?
What can ordinary citizens do to show solidarity with police officers in difficult times like this?
I hate when people make a smiley like this "(:" EYES COME FIRST! What other online lingo pisses you off?
When did you start to take Covid seriously?
Where is your happy place?
If you were to become a citizen of the US, what would you do that you couldn't do in your motherland?
Who the hell is Karen?
Blind people of reddit, whats life like for you?
What frictional character would you like to have sex with?
What good things has Donald Trump actually done whilst in power?
Doctors or healthcare workers that have become patients, what happened that made you question how others got their medical license?
What was the best moment you've seen where the real world hit a spoiled rich kid?
You are transmogrified into a tiger and you wake up in the wilderness. What do you do now?
In your opinion is Denis villeneuve better than Nolan if not why?
Is Anyone Sick of the Drawing/Animation Pissing Contest Currently Taking Place?
Who was your first crush? And how did it go?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
How do pussys taste like?
What movie did you postpone watching, but actually turned out to be great?
Female redditors of reddit, have you ever shown your best friend your vagina. If so why?
What can be said during sex, but also during chemistry class?
If, in 100 years, going to the gym to workout was now viewed and associated with worshipping the devil, would you smear the reputations and tear down status of all leaders who, 100 years ago, went to the gym to workout?
Should civil war break out in the USA which side are you on military/ex military members?L/R?
What's the worst thing you've seen while under the influence?
What is the worst classic literature you have read?
People of reddit who have had to eat human meat, what does it taste like? And why did you have to eat another human?
What celebrity did bad things but everyone "forgot" what they did because they're famous?
What was your most cringe post on any social media platform?
If life was a video game, what would be the achievments?
Your favourite movie has now got fuck or fucking added to the title. What is the name of the movie?
If instead of rebooting movies, retelling them from a different point of view became popular, which movie would you like retold?
Reddit, what's become clear to you as you've gotten older?
Scat fetishists of reddit, which jazz singer makes you cum the fastest and why?
People who wear shorts when it’s freezing out why?
Ex-homeless redditors, what was the scariest thing that you ever saw on the streets? [NSFW]
Who's someone you would do if it weren't illegal?
Male redditors, what would you like the most, fucking your step-mom or your step-sister?
My ex is using multiple accounts to downvote my posts after a bitter breakup. What spiteful crap have people pulled on you, lately?
Dear Reddit, Need Help! (Seattle)
(Serious) Redditors who’ve been falsely accused of rape/sexual assault, explain the story and tell us how it has impacted your life?
Non redditors of reddit, why don’t’nt you use reddit?
Why is Reddit like this?
Hey Reddit, What was a way a close friend betrayed you? Where you able to forgive them?
People who can speak multiple languages: what language do you think in?
Customers who don't read signs.. Why?
Where to buy original cartoon-like drawings/designs?
911/999 dispatch, what’s the dumbest reason someone has called?
What's the first thing people always ask you when you tell them what you do for a living (+ your response)?
What political party are you in and why?
[Serious] Reddit, what are some of your unpopular opinions?
( blow this up with notis because op is curious ) What is your " my parents are dumber than me " moment?
[Serious] What trait is amazing about yourself?
Are you missing someone in your life, how did it change your life?
Why do you still support Trump?
What would be a new and never seen movie plot twist that you would write?
What if someone assassinate the US president what will happen to the country?
People that take the milk before the cereal, why?
Is The Last Of Us 2 Worth Playing? Whats So Bad About The Game And Why Does It Have Bad Reviews?
What ceiling speakers do you recommend for a kitchen/dining/living room?
Question for women: if you were endowed with the strength of 20 men but only if you were naked (save for the optional odd small piece of jewellery or slim utility belt or odd accessory hanging from it that didn't conceal your privates or buttocks) what would you do with such an ability?
in your opinion what is the most pretty sounding European language, explain why?
What is one thing you regret about your teenage years?
Would you date an opposite sex version of your self? Why and why not?
People who blast music in public, why?
Wouldn’t it be so much better if the whole world switched to just 1 time zone? Way less confusion. No time changes. Why do you agree or disagree?
I introduced Reddit to my girlfriend... She loves it! I want to surprise her when we get home tonight and Reddit together.
You can bring one Sci-Fi technology to real life. What do you choose and why?
Why do so many people like to hate on America?
Ex-liberals of Reddit, what made you turn conservative?
People with large plugs in your ears, what the fuck are you thinking? Do you just decide one day that you are going to be a lifetime barista?
What is the fastest way a room of happy people turned sour you’ve witnessed?
What is the best feeling you've ever had?
People who separated/divorced within one year of getting married: When did you know it was a mistake?
If you could instantly be fluent in any one language that you do not currently know, which would you choose?
When I caught a falling DVD case before it hit the ground, a customer said "When I initiate my plan to conquer the world, I think I'll have to send two super ninjas to kill you instead of just one". What's the coolest compliment you've ever gotten?
What the benefit of actually having a girlfriend?
If aliens arrived and you had to pick one person to represent humanity, who would it be?
What are your regrets?
People of reddit, what product/thing is needed in the 21st century everyday life but does not exist?
What "dead" celebrity do you suspect may still be alive and why?
What are signs that a girlfriend will say no at your proposal?
People who had laser hair removal on their private parts. How did you prepare for it? Does it hurt? Do you regret doing it? Did the hair regrow or is it permanent?
For the people that say "Make America Great Again," when was it 'Great'?
Gamers, what's your proudest achievement?
Who saved your life and how?
What was the worst physical/emotional pain you've experienced in your life?
African Americans, what are your personal thoughts and feelings about Joe Bidens “you ain’t black” comment?
Reddit, tonight my "friends" boyfriend and brother beat me up, infront of my friends and their boyfriends (i am a girl) i need advice on what to do next...
Which books should a person read at least once in their life?
What is something a waiter/waitress can say, that can also be said during sex?
What are major signs someone is gay?
You’re having sex with the opposite gender version of the last celebrity/character you saw. Who is it and how well will it go for you?
What job exists because we are stupid ?
Have you ever thought we are quarantining the wrong people during Covid-19? What if the people at risk for death were quarantined , and everyone else just went about their lives and if sick just treated it like a cold/flu?
Teenagers of Reddit: If you have kids in the future, what house "rules" would you set for them when they're teens?
To the americans who are protesting, looting stores and destroying places what is that going to solve when its not related to the matter in anyway?
What can white people do to support the black Lives Matter Movement in a peaceful non-violent way?
What is the most amount of fame/popularity, online or not, that you have ever gained/had/have?
What is product that you use frequently that is marketed to the opposite sex?
Redditors of the night, what is your wisdom?
Girls who enjoy getting cum on your face, what was your first experience like? What does it mean to you psychologically?
Instead of screaming when you are in pain, you blurt out random words and sentences. You stub your toe, what do you say?
God has become tired of humanity, recently retired and left you in charge. Do you leave the rules exactly as they currently are and if not, what changes will you be making?
When was the last time you remember being truly happy?
People who are killing it on reddit. How is your social life?
Is American states were people, what would it be like to have sex with them?
People of Reddit who downvote questions on AskReddit, why? Is it because you don't like the question or you think its dumb or what?
[SERIOUS] Would you reduce your meat consumption if lab-grown meat or meat alternatives were cheaper and tasted good? Why or why not?
If you were informed you were being sent back in time to a time before electricity, sewage, and modern medicine, what one item would you take back with you (you are not allowed to share it or claim that you invented it)?
If you could show Mozart a modern song to blow his mind what song would you show him?
To the founders of successful subreddits, what tips you have which helped you grow your page?
How was everyones Father’s Day?
Which TV show characters do you loathe and why?
Movie studios often remake great films that are difficult to improve upon but what if they did the opposite? What bad film could be made into a great film if it were to be remade?
Are you pro-life or pro-choice? Why?
People who where hoodies when it's 95.5 degrees outside why do you worship Satan?
Lawyers of reddit, what's the dumbest defense you've ever heard?
My fiancé told me last night that I'm not enough for him. I think my heart is broken.
What's something that has happened in your life, good or bad, that doesn't seem real?
What video game feature do you wish existed in real life?
What is the real story of how you met your partner?
Why do you like to be alone?
Please direct your posts about Osama Bin Laden to a more relevant subreddit, like Worldnews or Worldpolitics
Have you ever felt you don't know/have forgotten who you really are? That you've spent years just adapting to surroundings to make life easier and don't know what's the real you anymore? If so, how did you overcome this?
Males of Reddit, if "The Bro Code" was an official document, what would you like to see included?
Would you ever give Christianity a chance? What would you say keeps you from believing it?
Where do tumbleweeds end up?
Cows of India, how do you feel about your cow privilege and how much easier your life is compared to that of other animals?
What’s a weird or uncommon fear that you have?
What if you got a room at a kids and family resort and did adult things like hookers, orgies, drinking, smoking, parties, etc.?
What is a movie you could watch over and over and still enjoy it everytime?
If 13 year old you made a time machine and came to visit you today for 24 hours, what would you do with them?
What is one memory that never fails to make you smile every time you think about it?
What do you redditors think we should do with Chris delia?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's free?
Let's say you're in the bus. And you fart so hard. What would you do?
Why do people downvote legitimate political comments instead of replying with an opposing argument?
What's an absolutely annoying habit your mind/body has picked up subconsciously?
What is the one movie you *always* recommend to others?
A self-driving car, heading toward a baby and an old elderly woman. Who should the self-driving car kill?
Whats the craziest sex you've ever had?
If your username was a crime that you committed, how did you get caught and what are you sentenced to?
When is the first time you recognized your own implicit racial bias?
If Satan punishes bad people, is he the good guy? If not, why?
[Serious] People who are not participating in the Black Lives Matter and Justice for George Floyd protests, what’s holding you back?
What’s a suitable punishment for people who litter in national parks?
You turn invisible for 24 hours. What do you do?
What law would you add if you had the power?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever fallen asleep?
Which dog meat would be the best and why?
Who’s a person in history that is forgotten but should really be talked about in school?
What's a little known movie you think deserves more attention?
What's a non English musician do you think is underrated?
[serious] Is it wrong to say "All lives matter"? If yes, who's lives don't matter and why?
Would you rather every time you have sex you look at the person and see Shrek or every time you cum your genitalia starts singing All Star by Smash Mouth really really loud and why?
What are some animes that you think everyone should look into?
Is a libertarian who supports social programs just a liberal?
What's the most boomer thing you've ever seen?
Women of Reddit, what’s your “creepy man” story?
Instead of a batmobile, you get a blyatmobile. What are some features of your new car?
What is the most annoying sound on the planet?
Which movie had a totally unnecessary sequel ?
After Everything, How is trump still in office?
People who comment but don’t upvote. Why do you do that?
Streets are now illegal, what's its street name?
What is your favorite hardstyle song?
[Serious] Why Do You Fly a Trump Flag?
Men, what would you do if you wake up with two dicks?
Redditors who watch anime, what anime do you recommend to non-watchers to introduce them to it?
Which literary classics are actually worth reading?
How do you cheer up yourself when you’re sad?
Why are you single?
you're given a superpower but if someone finds out you have this superpower you'll die within a minute, which superpower do you choose?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the craziest rumor you’ve heard about a student that turned out to be true ?
People who sleep naked, what is your plan in case of a fire or murderer?
What is a true fact that sounds like a conspiracy theory?
People who sort by new, why?
you find a mirror that shows you your real personality, no lies. do you dare look and what will you see?
who or what has the biggest influence on you?
The people who bite ice cream.... Why?
when as a kid you realized that Santa was actually your parents ?
What's your favorite quote from an anime?
Dead people of Reddit, what's it like being dead?
What is something that you would like your government to spend more on?
Married couples who sleep in separate rooms, why do you do this?
What is the story behind your username?
Penis owners of Reddit. In this very moment your penis falls off, grows spider legs and runs to other room. There is no blood. How would you react and what would you do?
What is something you wish you could say to younger you, that others could probably also benefit from hearing?
If you were given the chance to start your life over at age 10 right now, but still retain all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
People whose parents seperated back when you we're a baby, what's your story being taken care of by a single parent?
What song should be made into a movie?
Black Americans of Reddit; what are some unique challenges you face that whites or other minorities do not realize?
Reddit, I'm a young, open minded 17 year old whose going to finish high school next year. What hard learned advice can you share with me that might prepare for the next 10 years of my life?
All I want is one person to upvote or downvote this so I can get rid of the stupid 1 link karma I have.
if your username were a movie, what would it be about?
People who are protesting against police brutality and for BLM, if police would offer "Please join us, help us get better" would you? Would it help their image?
What brought you to reddit?
[NSFW] What unexpectedly turned you on?
When you sneeze and someone says "bless you", you gain the "blessed" status buff for the next 20 minutes. What does it do?
What’s your favorite video game without using the title?
What is the worst thing you can imagine your child/future child doing?
What is a crazy historical event that sounds fake but is actually true?
You're the dad of a 17 year old girl whos 18 year old boyfriend is coming over for the first time. How do you make it as awkward as possible?
What is your "thank God it was just a dream" moment?
What's something about yourself that you don't understand?
Boomer-parents who thought their child was just going through a phase but then it turned out to be true,why the fuck did you think it was just a phase?
What is your view of the sexual assault allegations against Joe Biden and why it isnt being mentioned on most traditional media outlets?
What is something that you won't apologize for??
What is your favourite period or location in human history?
What did you think was cool then, when you were young but isn't cool now?
Apple store workers: what's the weirdest thing you've come across on someone's device?
White people of Reddit: how did you first learn about white privilege? [Serious]
Why does bacon taste so good?
What the fuck, America?
whats your favorite colour?
Medical professionals, have you ever looked at a patient &amp; thought, “how tf are you alive?” What’s the story?
What's the story behind your scar?
What's your top 5 hottest mcu actresses?
Would you trade the legalization of marijuana for making alcohol illegal?
What is a restaurant you refuse to eat at and why?
If you woke up as your opposite sex what's the first thing your doing?
The year is 3000 and you're a horny 13 year old boy. You learn that your great-great-great-great grandma was a famous pornstar and she's really hot. Do you look up her content? Why or why not?
Dear Christians of Reddit, what's something NSFW that happened to you in church?
Can someone please explain why the Blue Flu is not considered safe space behavior or snowflake mentality?
Christians, how can you claim that any other religion, cult, or belief system is crazy when they have an equal amount of evidence to their truth as you do?
Your username now dictates the way you make money. How do you make money?
Depressed people of Reddit, what's your go-to "I want to wallow in my melancholy" song?
When the global economy collapses Go-gurt will be the only acceptable currency, what are you doing to prepare for this inevitable future?
Whats the most weirdest thing you've caught your pet/s do when they think you're not looking?
People who aren't protesting, why?
In your opinion does Natalie Portman seem like the dominant person in her marriage? If not what makes her not seem like a person in charge?
Female Redditors what was the worst thing you put into your vagina?
What was the specific moment that you realised he/she was 'the one'?
What inanimate objects would be the most unsettling with the addition of a face?
Should we really be celebrating the invasion of people's privacy?  About Scarlet Johansson...
People who reply to comments you agree with without upvoting the preceding comment you’re replying to, why are you the way you are?
In the next 24 hour, you are going to lose all your memories except one , What is that one memory you don't want to lose?
Any boxing tips? Especially when the opponent is stronger than you?
What job would you be terrible at?
You can make everyone follow one rule you make, what is it?
People who actually jerk off to OnlyFans, how is it different than other porn sites?
People who are sorting by new and seeing this, why are you such a legend?
Women who “dated” older men as teenagers that now realize they were predators, what’s your story?
What is the scariest day in your life?
Men, what is a stereotype you often come across for being a man that doesn’t apply to you?
What movie or tv show would be a lot shorter if the main character just got some therapy?
What are some unethical life hacks? [NSFW]
You could remove any one thing from existence what it could be and why ?
What is a sound that immediately awakens something inside of you?
Where were you on 9/11? ... STOP IT.
People who voted for Trump in 2016 but have decided not to vote for him in 2020, what was the final straw for you?
Female Redditors of Reddit, did you ever showed your best friends your boobs or pussy? What was the reason for this? [serious]
People that use a cum sock why!?
These 'Autonomous Zones' are clearly going to lead to a violent national guard response, what are the people in them trying to achieve?
People who spoke during the "speak now or forever hold your peace" part of the wedding ceramony, what happened? [serious]
How do you think the world would react if a major political leader, (like Trump, the Queen, or Kim Jong-un,) died of Covid-19?
President Trump had record TV ratings for his Tulsa rally according to Nielsen and Fox News, what do you think the odds he wins re-election are?
People who oppose wearing masks... why?
Redditors over 30 who never dated, kissed, hugged, held a boy's/girl's hand or went on a date before, how old were you when you knew for sure that were going to die alone?
Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet? If so, how big of a cabinet and what wood type?
Teachers of Reddit: They say there are no stupid questions, but what's the most stupid question a student has ever asked you?
Because of an epidemic Earth is going back into the Middle Ages. Only 1% of the population is still alive, and there's no electricity. What skills or items do you have to help you survive the longest?
[Serious] Straight Women of Reddit, what makes a guy "Good" in bed? NSFW
Whats a proper response to "what's up?"
Why has all popular music from 2000 and beyond just sucked so much and continued to get even more mediocre?
Should "believe all women" apply to Ghislaine Maxwell? Why or why not?
Some other guy's girlfriend is flying all the way across the country to see me
[Serious] So, what do you think happens after death?
How will they kill Bernie Sanders if he keeps winning?
How do you accept and make peace with loneliness?
What's your biggest purchase of 2020?
[Serious] Non-American Redditors, are you surprised by how brutally many of the US officers have handled the protests?
Why do so few people vote on Ask Reddit posts despite all the comments?
One day, you fell asleep, God wakes you up, and God says that you are given a special opportunity to wish for something to come true, what is your wish?
What is poo breath?
How would you feel about a law that required people to donate their organs after death?
Fathers of Reddit, what's something you'd actually like to receive as a father's day gift?
What did Christopher Columbus do to deserve that?
Redditors who have hiked long distances such as the entire length of the Pacific Crest Trail or the Appalachian Trail, what’s some advice you wish you had received before you started hiking?
Have you ever accidentally worn the "cum shirt" for a day? If so, when did you find out?
What are some “guy secrets” girls don’t know about?
Why do you think the present is called the present?
What smells better than it tastes?
To people who say LMFAO or LMAO, where has your ass gone off to and how are they?
what is your useless skill?
What’s it like having loving parents?
What trends have disappeared that you are glad are gone?
One of my friends just admitted to "kicking" me out of his NYE party, because the chick he was hooking up with thought my boyfriend and I were disgusting. What would reddit do?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is a detail that your client failed to bring up to you that completely lost you the case?
People who guve platinum and dont say anything and just leave why ?
If you can get a infinite supply of one drug what drug would it be?
Atheists of Reddit, what is something religious people do that annoys you?
Which superpowers would hinder you rather than benefit you?
Why do so many people have an acceptance for Islam, when most muslims stand against gay rights, women rights, and they don't share their women with non-muslims.
Which are the contents you would like to see more often on youtube?
Nurses of Reddit, why are you making TikTok videos at work?
You look up from reddit for a second and suddenly Keanu Reeves is standing in front of you, what do you do next?
[serious] what is the reasons behind homophobia ?
Argue why, Do you believe in God or not?
Doctors of Reddit, what's it like to lose a patient (serious)?
What was sexy 10 years ago but isn't now?
If life was a contract. What would the fine print say?
Did you ever snoop through your parents things as a child and absolutely regret what you found to this day? What was it and it they ever find out? NSFW
[NSFW] What was something that your partner tried having you do for the first time sexually?
People who are reading this: why are you sorting by new?
Former Trump supporters of reddit, what was the final straw that made you regret ever supporting him?
Psychologists of reddit, when have you said "this guy is too much for me"?
What are some study tips for high school students who are struggling and want to improve?
[serious] People who have voted for Donald Trump to be US president why? And do you regret it?
People who were circumcised, Do you feel angry towards your parents?
What is the polite way of calling someone a fucking idiot?
College students of Reddit, now that many of you have experienced online classes, do you prefer online or in-person and why?
What's the gayest non-sexual shit you've ever done?
What would you do if COVID-19 turned out to be a zombie virus and suddenly dead people would rise?
How do you know you have white privilege?
On the bus home after a weekend of drinking, massive hard on appears, what to do...?
Chihuahua owners of Reddit, why did you choose to raise such a useless dog?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch at least once?
Girls of reddit, how do make your mess up seem like the guys/girls fault?
To all of those who said that they will move to Canada if Trump gets elected, did you?
What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
If you got to pick one video game that you would live in for the rest of your life, what game would you pick and why?
What does it mean to "tongue punch her fart box"?
Eloped couples of reddit, or people that married young, was it worth it? What is your story?
Parents of reddit: what are your kids currently attempting to hide from you?
What's your favorite song from the 1990's?
How do you overcome an eating disorder?
Some people say birthmarks show how you were killed in a previous life. How did you die then?
What is/was your favourite subject in school?
By changing the title of a movie by removing one letter, what plot would change drastically?
What are some songs where the live version of it is far better than the studio version?
What is the most inappropriate profession for someone who constantly licks their lips?
Children are the most innocent and yet the most brutally honest of all people due to their age. What’s the most innocent, and yet hurtful thing a child said to you?
What are some tips for conversations with your crush?
I know this will be unpopular, but are there any legitimate concerns or problems related to the legalization of marijuana?
What are the things you wonder about Turkey?
What movies entirely hold up except one scene?
What is something that a lot of people love and you hate?
What is a movie that after you finished watching it, you went "Oh shit" then went back and watched it again to pick up on everything you missed?
People with ocd and anxiety,what do you do to get over it? [serious]
What one thing makes you proud of your country?
[Serious] Girls who have had sex with other women, what is it like?
What's your greatest fear?
Reddit, what's your motto?
You are put into a game about real life, what are your stats?
How would you describe your sex life, using a video game title?
The pandemic was and to many people still is a dramatic experience. But what were positive things that happened to you because of it?
What is a hobby that requires little to no money?
Why are you gae?
How do you feel about the the fact that your brain just skipped the second the?
What actor played a villain so well that now that's all you see them as?
If your job was to make as many people happy as possible in the span of 24 hours, what would be your plan and how would you carry it out?
What 90s song will always be a banger?
The last man on Earth sits in his room. He hears a knock on the door, but is not scared. Why?
REDDIT, WHY YOU SO SLOW?!?
Cooks of the Reddit, what's the essensial ingredient in your meals that other people don't use?
What is mankind’s most underrated invention?
What's your white whale of Reddit? (NSFW)
If George R. R. Martin had written the Harry Potter books, how would it have been different?
You discover that when you die, you’re allowed into the Good Place if you’ve put your shopping cart back where it belongs at least 99% of the time. If you’re not getting in, how do you try and reason with the gatekeeper?
How would your boss theme sound?
What mindblowing tech will the 2020s decade bring?
Garbage men/sanitary workers what is the weirdest thing you found people throwing out?
Generally noncompetitive people, what is the one thing you're uncharacteristically competitive about?
To those who work night shifts and/or odd hours, how do you reset your sleep schedule for vacations or other time off?
What's a red flag when looking for a job?
Would you take a 50/50 chance at $5,000,000 or death? Why or why not?
What is your pet peeve?
Which donation would be the biggest middle finger to Trump?
What's the most heart-stoppingly embarrassing thing you used to do as a kid/teen to seem more cool or special?
420 is police code for marijuana, and we all know how people observe 4/20... 623 is police code for "Indecent Act". What's your plan for 6/23?
You have a minute to fail a date what do you do?
What would you literally kill for, and who would you kill?
Psychopaths/Sociopaths of Reddit, what is commonly misunderstood or stereotyped about you personality?
How do people get excited by anime porn?
#BlackLifeMatters: Has anyone considered that since Chauvin knew Floyd personally, the killing may not have anything to do with racism or police brutality whatsoever?
What's your favorite LGBTQIA+ character from a fictional story?
[Mega Thread] What are your thoughts on the Zimmerman verdict?
What’s a great question to ask on this sub?
I recently told my dad that "'Call of Duty' is the 'Bud Light' of video games." He instantly understood. Reddit, what other analogies have you ever heard or come up with that were spot on? 
Cat lovers of Reddit Wat would you do when you find that your best friend ate cat meat at his Chinese uncle's house?
Say it gets confirmed we live in The Matrix, what are some glitches in life that you discovered?
What's the "went through med school just to realize you couldn't stand the sight of blood" of your job field?
People who are still flying the confederate flag proudly, if you don’t like the current changes in America, why don’t you leave it like the original confederates did?
Man boob owners of Reddit, if you could have the option of your Moobs dispensing ice cream, which flavour would you pick?
Dads of Reddit, when was the last time you actually needed a cable from that box of random cables that you have?
Would you date a woman without breasts and what would make her attractive to you?
What is something you spend a ton of money on that the vast majority of people never would?
If you would get 5$ for every time you masturbated in your life - how rich would you be right now?
[Serious] Trump supporters of reddit, what line will Trump have to cross to lose your support?
You have one hour to cause as much financial destruction as humanly possible. You have three hours to prepare. What do you do?
How would you feel about a Star Wars TV show directed like "The Office" that takes place in the Death Star?
You’re a burglar, but you only steal things to slightly inconvenience your victims. What are you taking?
Redditors who knew Hitler, what was he like before he rose to power?
What accent annoys you the most?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some underrated games do you think more people should play?
To people rioting in the US, why? Why so violent, and what can you possibly gain from being this violent and honestly what's the point?
What is the best workout song?
Republicans who will not be voting for Trump this time around, what was the breaking point for you?
What do you think about the BLM movement, meaningful protests or just plain thuggery?
What would you do if all your karma bugged out and now you have none?
If immortality was granted to 1 million individuals worldwide, what would be a fair selection process?
To all the good cops out there: Where are you? Are you trying to speak out, or change things? If you can't - why not?
How would your life be different if Hillary Clinton was the POTUS instead of Donald Trump today?
What was your Cup Noodles equivalent during college?
What was the evolution of your pet’s original name to their current nickname?
If sex was a game, what would some of the loading screen tips be?
How Sir Isaac Newton created the law of gravity, Did he just assume random laws and words and made them the gravity laws?
[serious] To what extent do most straight girls believe the stereotype that most straight guys are just emotionless sexual opportunists who only care about wetting their dick? And how do they feel about it?
Gamers of Reddit, what is possibly the best (nicest/coolest) community surrounding a game that you’ve ever been a part of?
The movie Blade runner (1982) said humans would be able to fly cars in 2019. What is an unlikely technological thing to happen in 2060?
what are ways to represent corona/quarantine in one photography?
How's your 2020 so far?
When did you have that "damn, my parents are old now" moment?
[Serious]People who had a premonition that something terrible was going to occur and then it actually happened what is the story?
Why do we shame people on Reddit for using emojis 😳?
What's classy if you're rich but trashy if you're poor?
What video game sequel was better than the original?
What’s your YouTube channel and what is it about?
Girls who took notes using 50 different colored pens, where are you now? Do you still continue to write using all those colors?
What fetish will you keep a secret from the people you know IRL?
What are a few reasons as to why theatre kids don’t deserve rights?
Parents of Pornstars, do you watch your daughter/son's porn ? why, or why not ?
You now have to marry your username, what did you marry?
What show never declined in quality?
Those who voted for Trump in 2016, do you plan on voting for him this November? Why or why not?
Ex homophobics, what changed your mind?
People who support Trump, why?
You get to create a new Pringle’s flavor. What is it?
What food is your state known for?
(NSFW) According to your reddit username, what's stuck up your ass?
In order to get 1,000,000$, you must tell a joke to a random stranger in 30 seconds. What joke would you use?
When is the right time to tell a banana it's adopted?
what fruit or vegetable are you?
What's the worst thing to say to the person next to you in a urinal?
Boob lovers of Reddit, why do you love them?
Dutch teenagers, why aren’t y’all into sex?
For those of you that had to go to the ER for having something stuck in your ass, what **actually** happened?
What is the equivalent to getting girls flowers for guys? What are some romantic gestures for guys?
What really annoys you when other people do it, but you occasionally do it as well?
Name an album that you wouldn't skip a single track from. What's your favorite song from that album?
What is the most low-effort gift you can give someone (as in there is no intention of good-will, and you just want to get them the worst possible gift, but nothing gross or dirty )?
Just One Post - Then I Go
What's the most illegal thing you can do with a leaf?
Imagine you have access to Donald Trump's Twitter account but you can write just one tweet. What would you write?
Are all atheists smug, self-righteous jerks or just the ones on reddit?
How do you think Donald Trump drinks his coffee?
What should teenagers these days really start paying attention to as they’re about to turn 18?
Hey, gamers! Imagine Zelda was a girl. How crazy would that be?
What's a good and easy website to download mp3 from YouTube?
How was your day?
You're trapped in your bedroom with an unnaturally fast killer walrus whose sole purpose is to terminate you. If you choose, you can magically summon a weapon but this weapon must have some relation to your username. How do you survive?
A girl in my class just said the reason everybody in the world isn't using solar energy is because it would shrink the sun and kill us all. Reddit, what's the stupidest thing you've heard someone say in class? 
What's a hilarious story that you have read online?
Which song do you never skip?
What awesome holiday gift did you get someone that you can’t tell them about yet but want to brag about?
What is a quality you admire the most in the person you dislike the most?
I need everyone's help, please.
What's so exciting about sexual intercourse ?
Your username becomes a real being with a human mind and it spawns in your house, what is the outcome ?
If Satan retired, who would take his job?
What is one of the cringiest things you did that you regret?
[Serious] Which law, policy, or rule did you break in order to do what you considered to be the right thing?
People who have a cool talent, what is it?
Swap a word from your favourite movie quote with "sausage". What results do we get?
The human body gets updated to version 1.1. Aside from the features, what are some minor bugs that made it into this version?
How do you control your life?
Since the last one went well. What you can say during a wedding and during sex?
What is actually wrong with saying 'all lives matter' instead of 'black lives matter' ?
What’s the most stereotypical way your parents have shown they are boomers?
People who experienced New Year’s Eve 1999, what were your thoughts at the time, how did you celebrate, etc?
People who comment “This”, why isn’t an upvote sufficient for you, and what is the source of your attention-seeking behavior?
Logically, morally, humanely, what should be free but isn't?
What is the most offensive insult you know?
How would you feel if bathrooms were organized by pee or poop rather than gender?
You have given a tastebud in your asshole. Now what?
What is your strongest held opinion?
Why would a black man/woman or a homosexual person be lesser than a straight white man/woman, in your opinion [serious] ?
What are some basic survival tips that everyone should know?
What's more important in the hookup world? A guy with a big cock vs. a guy who can host 24/7?
What's the red flag you've joined a bad company?
You are in Trump's body for a day. What will you do?
What are some other ways to make my fap water taste better?
Redditors who oppose Gay Marriage either morally or politically, why?
What is your best “WTF IS THAT?” moment?
I hear my house mate masturbating. Should I walk in on her?
How was your weekend?
There are many well known habits people know they should never get into; drugs, drinking, gambling, etc... What are some less well known things or habits that people shouldn't get into?
Doctors of Reddit, what's the worst case of patient ignorance you've come across?
Divorcees of Reddit, do you regret marrying your former spouse? Why or why not?
People who were cheated on and stuck around, what happened and was it worth it?
Which food combination makes you cringe?
What should be humanity's goal?
What is the funniest joke that you know?
Girls, has a guy failed to notice your obvious hints, if so what's your story?
You’re out walking and a small monkey takes your wallet and throws it at the ceiling where at octopus is hiding and grabs it and squeezes itself with your wallet in a small hole, what’s your move?
What is the best response to a fat insult.?
Instead of giving presents, Santa now puts things that you lost, or were stolen from you, under the tree. What would you be the most excited to see under the tree?
Feel like crying after stepping out of the shower... Why?
USA reddits , who are you voting for in the election and why?
People of Reddit born before September 11, 2001, what was experiencing 9/11 like?
What is the one sporting event you will always watch?
[Serious] At what point can we call Trump a dictator and his lack of a response a genocide? How many people need to die before we do something?
[NSFW] Ladies, how does it feel when a penis goes inside you?
you have to eat 20 hot dogs in 1 hour to win 25,000 dollars. if you try and fail, you will have your pinky on your right hand chopped off. Are you confident you can do this. How do you feel about trying this?
Doctors, what was the best excuse you’ve heard for someone having something stuck in their ass?
If you were offered immortality, but everytime moonlight shined on you, you'd be a walking skeleton, would you accept it? if so, why?
men of reddit, what was the first thing you masturbated to?
What's your biggest screw up in the kitchen?
Kpop stans sabotaged the Trump rally turnout. Which other borderline toxic fandoms do we need to mobilize / weaponize to fix 2020 and save our timeline?
What's the inspiration for your reddit username?
How are u feeling rn?
What was the best experience you’ve had in a camp?
If you were to describe your job to someone in the most scary/disturbing way possible how would you describe it?
If a premium version of sleep were to exist, what features would it include?
What do you find most interesting or amazing about nature, wildlife, the cosmos, etc?
Americans that wear shoes inside their homes, why?
Imagine having a reverse Yelp where we rate customers on their attitudes, manners, and how well they tip. What review would you leave?
People who leave red houses but don’t comment, why?
Who else thinks marvel is better than DC?
When was the moment that, all of a sudden, you got to understand an issue that happened before? What was it about? Why was that?
Creationists, what major theories do you have to support your argument?
How is a country supposed to prosper when you have more and more people collecting welfare who will then vote for politicians that will promise more welfare by taxing people actually working more?
What is NEVER a good idea?
What dose ass really taste like and is it worth doing?
What’s going on with Joe Rogan?
I'm a girl and most girls annoy the bejesus out of me. How do you guys deal with us and are there any other girls who feel the same as me?? 
How would you handle it if someone in strange clothing you've never seen before asked you, "What year is it?"
Tik Tok-ers of Reddit, why?
Who is the most toxic person you have meet? How did you meet them?
You find out your unborn baby is not human. What is your baby and what will you do?
You're Satan and your goal is to torment Gordon Ramsay. What food would you serve him?
People of Reddit who have committed incest, what was the experience like?
What did you always question as a child that you never question anymore?
What are the top 20-ish things that you feel define you as a person?
Should we defund the police? Why or why not?
In the church of Scientology their secret documents reveal that their god is named Xenu... what if they got the info just a bit wrong and it was supposed to be Keanu, if so what should we do?
Parents, why do you knock on the door and then immediately walk in? doesn't that defeats the purpose of knocking in the first place?
What ''black market'' did kids at your school?
How do you feel about FatPeopleHate being banned?
Does microbial life matter? Should we stop trying to prevent the spread of germs that are only here to help us? Why or why not?
People who grew up with old parents, how did it affect your childhood?
What was a minor careless mistake that you made that had surprising and far reaching effects?
People with whotscism, what convewsation topics awe hawdest fow you?
Any cum in 300 meter radious around you from now on Will have your genetic material inside. What are you expecting to happen in your area?
Winston Churchill famously said “You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they’ve tried everything else.” What are some good examples that prove OR disprove this quote’s accuracy?
Redditors terrified of being harmed by a refugee family, how do you feel about gun violence in America?
Why do you support socialism?
You just got an offer for $600K...but to collect it, you gotta have sex with the main character of the last tv show you watched. Who will it be?
What else could have Picard done instead of destroying the Death Star with the power of the one true ring?
What's your funniest misheard lyrics of a song?
What are some of the sub reddits which are their own world and once you are in you can't escape (Iike really really addictive) ?
My dad's been working on a ice scraping device for a few years but has been struggling to find a way to market it, so I ask, what does reddit think of it? 
Why are you so ugly?
Add "in my ass" to the end of a song title. What is about now?
Ladies of reddit - how different do you think your lives would be if you were all flat chested, but your ovaries were in a fleshy pouch hanging under your lady bits?
For the Brazilian ppl of Reddit which are the best and less dangerous cities to settle in Brazil?
How do you pass your time in this pandemic?
Whats better to learn young?
why, girls who have big asses shows off their asses too much in instagram?
What do u think about people who watches Anime?
What changed when the fire nation attacked?
People who fetishized a city or country, like NYC or Japan, and then actually took a leap of faith to move there, how has your opinion changed since?
If you got the power to change any lockdown rules in your country, how would you change them?
What movies have you rewatched more than 3 times?
How do I tell my roommate he smells bad?
If you could pick one fictional item to use in your daily life, what would it be?
People who still support Trump. Why? (Serious)
What’s something people misunderstand way too often?
What single phrase, regardless of who says it, instantly pisses you off?
What can a boyfriend do to help comfort his girlfriend on her period?
[Serious] Do you think America is currently on the path to becoming a dictatorship. Why or why not?
What is your fourth favorite dinosaur?
What’s your favourite aspect of life and why ?
People obsessed with making Trump questions here. Why?
Why don't people upvote the post after commenting on it?
Possibly involving running, swimming or any mental challenges, what are some similarly difficult challenges to the David Goggins 4x4x48 challenge (4 mile run every 4 hours for 48 hours)?
what was something the “weird kid” did that stuck with you?
Parents of Reddit, have you ever regretted the name that you have given your child-if so, what is it?
People who got gold on their post , how has your Reddit experience changed since then ?
You have 5 billion dollars to spend in the dumbest way possible, how do you spend it?
Who is this lady named Karen?
How is the BLM movement not officially considered a hate group or terror organization itself at this point, given that (A:) they seem to flat out openly hate white people and (B:) terrorism is defined as the use of intimidation and violence for political aims?
What can you say while driving but also during sex?
What are your most cringe or interesting weeaboo stories? Whether you were, or seen a weeaboo?
The last thing you cummed on can now fly and in this very moment it will fly at you at 10 km/h. How Will your life change and what is it?
Every “#1 Mom” mug now changes everyday to show the actual rankings of Moms around the world. Why does YOUR mom deserve the #1 spot?
Why do some females who have text writen on their cloths near the chest or but area get so offended when you try to read what it says?
You get teleported 3 meters to your left. How does that change your life ?
What jobs exist purely because people are fat?
Whats the cringiest thing that you have seen on Tik Tok?
Firefighters of Reddit: What lessons should be taught to young people, to avoid getting caught in situations like the Station night club fire or other scenarios that will get them trapped in inescapable circumstances? And what should they be taught to do if they encounter such situations?
Genuinely curious. Why do most people treat sex as something so special?
[NSFW] You will earn 20 Millionen $ but you will be tortured for 24 hours. After 24 hours you will fully recover physically. What would you do?
What movie fucked you up mentally?
What movie’s universe would be the absolute worst to live in?
Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this?
Cocksuckers of reddit, what does semen taste like?
"WW2 should be abolished from history as it affects kid's mentally" what's your take on this?
Why is r/Atheism defaulted to the front page, even without a reddit account? It just makes reddit look bad.
If somehow everyone woke up tomorrow with the same skin color (let's go with blue), would that be the end of racism? Why or why not?
What fact is ignored generously?
How is your week going?
I've been a hardcore atheist all my life until a few years ago when I had a weird spiritual experience! Is anyone here an Atheist that has converted to a religion?
How do they test the speed of supercomputers?
What cereal gets better the soggier it is?
Do you like hugs? Why?
People who comment but not Upvote, why?
Men of reddit, why do you masturbate?
(Serious) People who are going to vote for trump, why?
A little kid walks up to you and asks you what the meaning of life is. How do you answer?
What is the nicest compliment a stranger gave you?
Men of reddit, what the heck do you want for your birthday?
Hong Kong protesters how is it going on the front lines?
Why are so many Atheists blatantly rude to believers?
Why do you think reddit is so toxic?
What is a privilege most people have yet take for granted ?
What do you genuinely not understand?
Dear zoo keepers of reddit what is the cutest thing you have ever seen one of the animals do?
You are now the pope's personal bong boy. How fat do you make his first bowl to make an impression?
What is a sign that you think to yourself a YouTube channel might be getting worse than what it once was?
[Serious] Christians: How do you respond to people who are now blindly putting all religion under the umbrella of hate?
ex vegans, why did you start eating meat again?
People who need karma. Why?
How would you feel if Trump won the 2020 elections?
What’s the best haircut that would go with any inanimate object?
People who will be voting for Trump in November, why?
What is the biggest misconception of pop culture only few know about?
What a good tv series that can pass the time in, let’s say.... 14 days?
How can I say "may I fart on your tits" as part of a romantic marriage proposal?
Ever been kidnapped,how did it go?
People that have dated, was it better as a friendship or a relationship and why?
If a nickname is a shorter version of one's name, what could be their "nicholas name" - a made-up longer version?
What is your personal opinion on Greta Thunberg?
Girls, why are you single?
America: What comes next?
Does pineapple go on pizza? Why/why not?
How would you feel about everyone getting paid a living wage that allows them to take 2 vacations a year anywhere in the world and also there’s no war or crime anywhere? Also 3 day work weeks? And free cheese for everyone?
without saying the category, what are your top 3?
Trump love him or hate him and why?
For those of you who don’t like soggy cereal, WHY??
What does owo mean? Ive seen it a lot along with uwu what do they mean?
Americans of Reddit, what do you think about the metric system?
Bald people of reddit, how far up do you go when you wash your face?
Are you tired of LGBTQ characters and stories in almost every TV show in the past few years?
Why did you get divorced? What did you learn?
[serious] Redditors in support of Donald Trump: What would it take to see President Trump as a failed president?
If your stripper name was the last alcoholic beverage you consumed, what would it be?
Trump Supporters of reddit, why do you support Donald Trump? [Serious]
What are some cheat codes you've found in the game of life?
How do you think the U.S. should deal with its gun problem?
be honest, how many times you masturbate a day?
[NSFW] You suddenly wake up locked in a room with a member of the opposite sex and are unable to get out but you have all the basic necessities for life, what do you do?
If Google was a guy, what would you ask him?
People who are vegan, WHY!?
Do ladies/girls get aroused and wet in public? What do they do?
Rioters of Reddit, do you have jobs? If so, why are you breaking into the businesses that you are “fighting for”?
Participants Reddit, what was your worst nightmare in your life?
we know about “get rich quick” schemes, what’s a “go poor slowly” scheme?
you are the opposite sex for one week, what do you do?
Those of you who live far away from friends and family, what are some good gift ideas you can have posted or delivered to them?
Ladies: What non-sexual thing can make you want to bang a guy?
What is the best videogame or videogame franchise in your opinion?
What famous event would be made drastically different by changing one letter from its title?
When you're lying in bed at night, do you ever randomly remember some relatively minor social missteps or poorly chosen words you did/said years earlier? And then beat yourself up over it even though it really wasn't a big deal? If so, what happened?
What are something that are definitely way overpriced?
I'm 17, pregnant and scared - what should i do?
If you became the opposite gender for day, what would you do?
Reddit, What's a weird habit of yours you didn't think was weird until someone mentioned it?
What celebrity would you have sex with while having there husband watch?
Couples who have had sex before marriage, how successful have things been for you?
Pansexuals of Reddit, what is your favorite type of pan to cook with and why?
What is a moment that you have had that made you think that you’re going to die?
You always see anti smoking and vaporizing ads, why don't you ever see anti drinking or junk food ads?
How hard is it to draw things in ms paint compared to other programs such as photoshop?
We love pussies, dicks, and asses. Why are these also some of the worst insults you can use?
All this love for Kobe Bryant is amazing but it seems to negate the other souls lost on that helicopter. What other times have we lost sight of tragedy as a whole due to someone famous being tragically involved?
When did you realize that you are, in fact, a Kevin?
What’s up with so many people on the news appearing from their homes in front of bookcases? Do they think they appear to be more intelligent that way?
What will be the very last job that is taken over by robots?
Girls, do you prefer female or male friends? And what was easier for you?
Poeple of reddit, if you were to die, what do you imagine happens other than going to heaven or hell?
Are Cheez-Its crackers or chips and why?
How are you contributing to the #BlackLivesMatter movement?
What is a great YouTube channel to binge watch?
If the sun could talk, what would it say?
If sexual experiences were like trading cards what would be your rarest card?
[Serious] Why is the fucking reddit logo black?
What is the most annoying things girls do?
If you had a question for r/askreddit that would 100% make it to the front page, what would it be?
People that were on Ink Master, how does the experience compare to an actual tattoo shop?
Gen X, Boomers, Baby Boomers and everyone else on the planet, how the fuck do you expect Gen Z to clear up this industrial mess of a planet?
You recently opened up the world's first "inconvenience store". What are you stocking your shelves with?
You’ve just traveled back in time to 1976. What do you reveal about the future to prove you’re really from 2020?
When was the first time you ever heard of Juneteenth?
Scientifically, Why are Trump fans blindly loyal?
[Serious] Non-Americans, what do you think of the protests in the U.S. right now? What kind of media coverage about them is there in your country?
How did Snoo, the Reddit alien, get its antenna bent?
Students, what did that one kid do to get expelled?
What’s your go to porn category?
Crown Vic owners of reddit, it can't be easy driving around a former cop car, especially now. What made you get them? Isn't it frustrating to hve people slow down in front of you?
Redditors why do you upvote and not comment?
What's the most tech illiterate thing you've seen a person do?
Bought a Honda Fit - a large chunk of my friends are giving me shit for buying "such a pansy car," but I live on my own and completely support myself, they don't, and I'm excited to finally own my own car. What do I say to all this? Should I just let it go ("haters gonna hate") ?
Was Hitler's stance towards Jews in 1932 more aggressive than Trump's stance towards Muslims in 2015? [serious]
Straight men of reddit, when did you first realise you were straight and was it difficult to tell your parents?
What lies ahead for you?
What will happen to trumpers after Trump?
What’s an invention that’s still around today but has lost sight of its original purpose?
If simp was an acronym, what would it stand for?
Why did you chose your username?
What’s your favourite reddit moment ?
What five emojis do you use the most? Why?
Ex Democrats, what was the last straw?
It looks like the 12 year olds have found reddit. How can we get rid of them?
You wake up a billionaire. What’s the first thing you buy?
What's the worst case of "rich kid syndrome" you've seen?
What is your "I fucking hate that song" song?
What kind of advice/help did weed give you?
What was your worst encounter with another human?
What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
What has been your toughest moment during lockdown?
What is the most badass thing you've done on accident?
What are the pros and cons in being mentally slow?
[Serious] What part of 'no means no' do people have such trouble with?
How often do u guys talk to yourself?
What exists in the world only because someone was a pervert?
What is socially acceptable age gap between lovers?
What evidence supports the covid 19 conspiracy theory?
Redditors who went to private school, what was it like?
What’s the most fun you can have with $20?
What was your first date like? Is it a good or a bad memory for you?
Which foods, when eaten together or combined, can lead to sudden death?
Who do you call when the police are the killers?
[NSFW] Guys who actually bought the “you won’t last 5 minutes playing this game” game from the ads from porn, what was it? What happened? Was it a scam?
I find gauges to be unattractive and stupid. Reddit, what popular fashion trends do you not understand in the least?
Instead of women yelling 'HELP' or 'RAPE' while they are being raped, why don't they yell 'I HAVE AIDS'. Wouldn't that be more effective?
What makes you smile each time?
It's 50 days to a new decade! What were your best moments of this decade?
if every time someone is having a sex he earn a new super power , how super are you ?
People who were involved in a school shooting, what happened?
Sleepwalkers of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve done and woken up to?
My wife is currently at my house, having sex with her ex-boyfriend. What should I do?
Americans, why did you put a president into your office that doesn't care about anyone?
To people who hate on pop culture fads, (YOLO, Justin Bieber, Dance Moms, etc.) do you plan on hating every silly trend that replaces them for the remainder of your life? Or do you believe that the next batch of 13 year old girls will be into some really cool shit?
What is the first video game you got?
How do you feel when someone tells you they had a dream about you?
What the like importance thing at life you?
NSFW: If you had the opportunity to be the opposite sex what would be the first thing(s) you do?
What is a nickname you can make up for yourself using only your weaknesses?
What makes you unique?
What song lyric could very easily describe your life?
What movie was much better than its sequels?
What’s it like being oppressed for your skin colour?
Non-Americans of Reddit. What kind of lifestyle could you live with $3,000 USD per month in your country?
What is something you found on the internet once but can’t find again?
What’s your favorite part of the song YMCA?
Many teenagers want the voting age to be lowered to 16. How much support do you have for that?
What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?
Retail workers of reddit. What is a common misconception customers have of your job that really isn't true?
What if you went to bed tonight and woke up but you were 18 and everything you've experienced up to this very message was all a long dream and you kept your knowledge. What would be the first thing you do?
What “all too common” trait do you find extremely unattractive in the opposite (or same) sex?
Aunt Jemima and Land o Lakes lady in a fight. Who do you think would win and why?
What productive thing have you done this quarantine?
[Serious] When judging crimes such as sexual assault, how do we as a society find the balance between 'believing the victims' and 'innocent until proven guilty'?
COVID forced us to wear masks in public. The upside: you can now mouth-off all the wonderful and/or swear words you want to anyone’s face. What was the worst and/or best thing you silently said to somebody’s face? Who was it?
What was a moment where you straight up just went, who the fuck asked?
Gamers of Reddit, what game did you meet the boys(or girls)?
What are some design fails in everyday life that expose the patriarchy?
If you woke up tomorrow and were able to move things with your mind, how would you use this ability?
What's something no one knows about you?
Identical twins of reddit who own a pet after living seperately; what was your pet's reaction when it saw two owners?
People who put ketchup on the fries. Why?
Have you ever woke up in the middle of a dream and the dream was so interesting that you wanted to go back to sleep to see the end of it? If so, what was the dream?
Who is someone you don't know, but want to get to know? What's your first move?
Alright Reddit, what’s the story you’ve been dying to tell but have never been able to bring up naturally?
French people of reddit, what is the general feeling towards Germany today?
What's a cringy memory from your past that makes you wanna shoot yourself in the face?
Doctors of reddit, what is the worst incident related to sex you’ve seen?
Did Reddiquette change? Why is it the norm now for people to downvote anyone they disagree with?
[Serious]How do you guys find motivation to do something everyday so that you can achieve your goal and what is that goal?
Girlfriend doesn’t like avatar the last airbender aaand where to get a new one?
People who make "People who ________, why"-posts, why?
Redditors, what is your experience of finding someone on reddit who u know irl?
What’s an app you don’t use, but you don’t delete in case you might need it one day?
Why does r/anarchy have moderators?
If you were a number, which one would you be?
Waste collectors and other people in public service, What's a small thing everyone could do to make your job easier?
The date is September 11th 2001; you wake up at your desk in the WTC around 8:30 am because you were up all night partying and it’s hard to keep your eyes open for long. You see a plane and it’s coming in hot. What do you do?
Disney theme park characters - have there been situations where you had to break character? What was the reason? Consequences?
Doctors/nurses of reddit ,have you ever had anyone come in with a broke arm/leg that was purposely broken and what was your reaction to that ?
What is your life motto?
Redditors who sort by new... why?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing to happen to you when you’ve been home alone?
Men and people in relationships with men. If for every inch of height shorter a man gets their penis gets an inch bigger and vise versa, what changes would you make?
You work at a game developing company wich is working at a new game. They want you to think of a new class wich can be litterally anything. What do you create?
Reddit, I just pulled out my phone intending to call my dog. When have you forgotten your pet wasn't human?
[Serious] Why is "racism" such a primary focus in the First World? At what point (if ever) will we start trying to be objective about it?
What is your least favourite line in a song ever?
How do you manage your phone usage/addiction?
J.K. Rowling originally wanted to make Harry visit all four Hogwarts House common room, but couldn't think of a valid reason to visit the Hufflepuff common room. If you were Rowling, what valid situation would you make where Harry had to visit the Hufflepuff common room? Why?
Would you die for your country? Why or why not?
[Modpost] AskReddit, what do you think of this?
What's the best way to murder someone?
What is the greatest feat a single human has ever done?
Why can Reddit make their logo black but when a person does blackface then it's racist?
What folk lore scared you as a kid?
Why are you looting &amp; hurting your own city?
If you support Trump, why? [Serious]
If you had a day to make a post with a minimum of 2000 upvotes, or you would die, what would you do?
What did you do recently that would have offended Gordon Ramsay?
What fact did you learn at an embarrassingly late age ?
You wake up to hear someone breaking into your house. What song do you blast on your stereo/smart speaker to freak the burglar out?
What’s the WORST response you can give to someone who just told you “I love you”, for the first time?
What's your favorite type of meat?
Your username now describes your dick what changed NSFW?
If "Karen" has a daughter who's just as rude, entitled and selfish as she is, but worse due to this generation's wide knowledge of the internet and media, what would her name be?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
People who had a bad year last year, how did you expect 2020 to go?
What is your favorite conspiracy theory?
What can you whisper in a girls ear at a party that will instantly turn them on?
Best way to deal with 'wrong text' situation? 
It's April second. Shouldn't that hideous timeline bullshit that's clogging my front page have fucked off by now?
Teachers of reddit, what are some of the dumbest anwsers you’ve seen on tests/exams?
What are your suggestions/hacks for maintaining your phone's health and storage?
In a perfect world.. What do you want your last words to be?
What’s your favorite tv show quote?
Dear ex atheists of Reddit, what made you believe in God/start following your current religion?
What is your favorite quote ?
What doesn’t kill you that makes you stronger?
What's with all these celebrities being Scientologists??
What are the reasons Harry Potter actors are turning on JK Rowling?
Favorite Pokemon and why 🥰?
Rioters just burned the only belongings of a homeless person. Almost stomped an innocent shop owner to near death. What are these 'protests' going to achieve?
If the first half of 2020 had a theme song. What would it be?
You've been arrested by the police, you can call any fictional lawyer character you want as your attorney, who do you call?
[Serious] Americans, would you be in support of putting a law in place that government officials, such as senators and the president, go without pay during shutdowns like this while other federal employees do? Why, or why not?
What is the creepiest thing a lesbian has done to you?
How does one sheet at HQ?
You is were it what is the when there?
We're back! What did you do during the Great Outage of Autumn 2012?
You must die in next 48 hours. If you get a Darwin award, you will be reincarnated. How will you die?
Former Cult Members of Reddit, When Did You Realize It Was Time To Leave?
What is the opening in men's boxers or briefs called?
Your death is based off your last Google search. How do you die?
[Serious] What are some seemingly normal images with disturbing backstories?
What is something 6-10 year old you did that keeps you up at night now?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever heard someone say as if it was a fact?
People who can suck their own dick, how does it taste?
Do girls like when boys have big butt ?
If men buy giant trucks to compensate for having a tiny penis, what do women buy to compensate for having a giant vagina?
Very serious question.  Feel weird.  Need advice.
Who is your hero &amp; why?
Who’s worse: Karens, crooked police, looters, conservatives or antifa? Why?
If Hitler was a woman and she had a fat ass, would you smash? Why/why not?
What is something extremely obvious but took a long time for you to realize?
What's your favorite smell?
What only exists because of people’s stupidity?
You can fill a pool with anything you want (money, gold, coins, anything valuable really), but you must jump into it from 10 meters (~33 feet) and survive in order to keep what you filled it in with. What would you fill the pool up with?
People who make up stories to participate on this sub- Why?
To those who smoke cigarettes even though it is extremely harmful to health and is ending your life prematurely. What has stopped you from quitting completely?
What professions give a “free pass” to be an asshole?
Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what is the most insane (evil, funny, dumb) way a spouse has tried to screw the other?
What positive effects has the quarantine had for you?
What adventures have you embarked on recently?
People who were born with disabilities. How has it affected your life?
Americans who defend Russia: Why do they get the benefit of the doubt that China, Muslims and immigrants don’t get? Why side with them over American intelligence agencies and worldwide consensus finding they’re attacking American interest?
What's the deal with, like, stuff, man?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What slang can us older relatives use tonight to embarrass the teenagers while opening presents?
What’s the most adult thing you’ve ever seen a child do?
Dead people of reddit, how did you die?
What popular TV show can you not get into no matter what?
who is the most cutest person you know?
Imagine you voice record a quiet environment; i.e you have a recording which is quiet. If you listen to this recording with noise-cancelling earphones, will they act as earplugs, cancelling out the sound around us?
Why do you think educated people are generally liberals and not conservatives?
Hentai voice actors, what were some lines, in a hentai, that made you want to think about your life choices?
What could the U.S.A. have spent $1,000,000,000,000 on instead of a 17 year-long war in Afghanistan?
You're a burglar but only steal things to inconvenience your victims. What are you stealing?
what superpower do you want?
Australian and arachnophobic people of Reddit how do you cope with all the spiders and what is your worst experience?
What really obvious thing have you only just realised?
How do you like your bacon? Crunchier, chewier or where in between?
Your reddit username is what will try to kill you tomorrow. How do you prepare?
People who drive large trucks with Confederate flags and/or truck nuts: what was your relationship with your mother like growing up?
What's something you can say during sex AND in a restaurant? [NSFW]
How much weight you gain in lockdown and is how many wanna lose it ?
What TV Show has the best Pilot episode?
What’s the most useless information you can think of?
Ex-Trump fans: What was the last straw for you?
What's the most money you've seen someone lose at once?
Reddit, my birthday is coming up this Wednesday, and all I want is something, ANYTHING, from you in the mail.
What was your "I've been in quarantine too long" moment?
In the year 2030 James Bond is now a female and is completely lesbian. How would you feel about watching this?
What's the scariest space fact/mystery in your opinion?
People who have survived an attempted murder, what is your story?
Your superpower is the ability to give people nicknames that stick forever. How are you gonna use it?
[serious] How do you deal with inferiority complex?
You die and an end-game screen is shown with a completion percentage of 98%. What did you miss?
Gamers of reddit, what is a man?
How does it feel practicing the so-called sex?
Non Reddit users why don’t you use reddit?
War Veterans of Reddit;what's one thing war movies get wrong?
If Reddit is the front page of the internet, what would be the last page?
Why are or aren't you religious? [Serious]
What is the useless thing that at one point became useful?
[Serious] For those of us watching BLM protests in America how can we help? We can’t vote, we can’t lobby the governor or senate. How can those of us watching from the sidelines help in a beneficial way?
Men that got falsely accused of rape, how was it ?
How long do you think we will hate 
Chick-fil-a before everyone gets 
bored and moves on to something 
else like with Kony earlier this year? 
You’re in high school and if you can get your teacher to give you detention in 60 seconds or less you win $10,000. What do you do?
You have to fight an exact copy of yourself to the death, how do you outsmart yourself?
For those who watch streams of gaming, what game do you watch more than you actually have played?
What is the nicest thing a police officer has ever done for you?
What should you NOT do in your first date?
how do you get gold on reddit?
If all movie aliens were all of a sudden real, which ones would pose the biggest problems to us?
What are some fun coincidences or events that are highly unlikely, though have a non-zero chance of happening?
[Serious] What are some Creepy/Unexplainable events or encounters from your life?
Those who own and/or are proud of the Confederate flag, why?
People who say fortnite is better than Minecraft, how does it feel to be a 26 year old virgin?
What celebrity would you want to worship your dick?
What is wrong with people?
[Serious] LGBT people with transphobic, homophobic, or biphobic parents, how did they react when you came out, and what's your relationship with them like now?
What is an YouTube channel everyone should know about?
Programmers, what is the biggest fuck up you've ever seen caused by a tiny mistake in the code?
What would Chick-Fill-A be called if it served burgers?
What special about 13,why people afraid of that?
Fellow people of Reddit, what is your “WTF just happened” that actually happened to you? (Serious, nsfw)
what do you think of LGBT representation in kids tv shows/cartoons?
To the people who refuse to wear masks in public, what is your reason for not wearing one?
Given how some Trump supporters will support literally anything he does, how does this compare to early nazi Germany? How could history repeat itself?
Former Trump supported who voted for him in 2016, but aren't voting for his reelection, what was the final nail in the coffin that changed your mind?
Where do you poop from?
What do you want for your birthday (be realistic) ?
What's your favorite subreddit to binge read?
Men of reddit, what fashion item would you like women to stop wearing?
What is something you liked in the past, but now think differently about?
If you could see a list of every person's name and face (including strangers) that thought about you sexually at least once, would you want to see it and why?
Social/religious norms aside, how would you like your death to be mourned/celebrated?
Your country has merged with all of its neighbours. What's it called, and how is life there?
What does Black Lives Matter believe?
What is the worst personality trait you can brag about?
What's the difference between a crackhead and a drunk person?
What if you could marry someone famous, either living or dead?
What's your favourite thing to say when you're angry?
What’s your dream Job?
At this point in 2020, if you looked in the sky tomorrow and saw a big ass death star looking mother, what do you think your first thought would be?
When buying ice cream: Which flavour do you buy the most?
Americans of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise was typically American, until you went abroad?
What was the weirdest insult you've heard?
Centrists of reddit, what do you dislike about left and right political wings?
Scarecrows of reddit who died, what was the final straw?
Redditors who like to hike/ explore places in the middle of nowhere (mountains, forests, deserts), what is the creepiest thing you have come across or experienced? (Serious)
What is a job that people should have more respect for?
[Serious] Psychiatrists of Reddit, what signs made you aware of an unusual patient?
People of reddit, out of all the Main Battle Tanks around the world currently, which one do you think is the best all-rounder?
What will you miss about social distancing and quarantine once it is all over?
35 &amp; over. What reaction do you get; when people find out your child free?
What was the one thing, (or many) things that made the unpopular kid become a legend?
What was your most memorable moment of school?
What is a unique “game” you played as a child?
What conspiracy theory do you just take as true at this point? And why?
To everyone in America- Why are we sitting around letting the rich own us? Why are we letting corruption completely take over this country?
People who cook naked: why?
What if boners were to keep cavemen from rolling off cliffs while sleeping?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?
To all the LGBTQ members of Reddit, how do you feel about pride month?
Defense attorneys of reddit, what are some examples of police illegally harming your clients?
Are you an Ass man or a Boob man and why?
Reddit Users! What's something you'd NEVER want your partner to do DURING SEX?
What makes you want to commit un-alive ?
Smart people of reddit, what are you doing so close to the dumb ones?
you wake up as trump. what do you tweet?
God is retiring, and asks you to permanently replace him. What is the first thing you do as the new God?
[Serious] What's something no one tells you about life?
If your username is going to cause your death, how will you die?
If at the end of his 2020 term Donald Trump ripped off his mask at a press conference and revealed himself as an imposter in disguise, who do you think it would be?
Have you had sex with someone you didn't know?(except prostitute, rape etc) How was that?
What was your biggest "OH FUCK" moment?
During your time in lockdown, what new skill have you learnt?
How interesting is your life now?
Corona coitus. People of Reddit. How many of you out there have ended up sleeping with your room mate as a consequence of quarantine?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone make a 180 degree turn on their life for the better?
Should someone who has been exposed to people with confirmed cases of covid still go to work or stay home?
What order do these go in from best to worst, the monkey bars, swings, slide, tunnels, and pole?
Redditors of Reddit, would you go through a simple, mundane inconvenience for 100,000,000,000,000,000,000$ and why?
"People were created to be loved, and things were created to be used. The reason why the world is in so much chaos right now is because people are being used, and things are being loved." Reddit, what are some of the greatest quotes you've heard?
What’s a little thing you do to make the world a better place?
Your username becomes your real name. How much does this impact your life?
For those of you who have had a close friend or family member girlfriend passed away how did they let you know they were OK or still around?
People of r/AskReddit, why do you keep asking sex questions every 5 minutes?
[Serious] If Bill and Steve invented modern computers 50 years ago, How come boomers now are having trouble using them?
Andrew Carnegie once said “you can’t trust anything you read on the internet.” What are good examples of this?
What codes do you live by that you’ll never break?
How do you know if you are in the friendzone ?
You are given 300 million to make a movie but it HAS to bomb at the box office or else you die. What do you make?
What is something that you should always buy used?
What positive impact has your SO had on your life? (Serious)
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
You’re asked to create the greatest original joke in human history. What is it?
Would you continue to be vegan if you had to grow every single vegetable you wanted to eat? Why or why not?
You have to cook one dish for Gordon Ramsey. If he doesn't like it, you will die. What dish do you cook for him?
You wake up as Yzma from The Emperor's new groove. How do you go about your day?
What single event changed your life?
Which movie/tv show decreased your IQ level?
If human were evolved from apes, why do we still have apes?
What are your burning questions?
What’s the dumbest baby name you’ve ever heard?
What is the most traumatizing event that you witnessed while you were a kid?
Someone puts a gun to your head and Says “Put a movie on that will make me laugh my ass off or your dead” what movie do you put on?
How the hell are ya?
Do fat girls belly buttons get deeper and deeper as they get fatter or do they stay the same depth/get shallower?  Wondering if belly button sex would be possible with a big girl.  I need about a 3.5" hole for complete penetration.
Who can name a kid actor/actress that’s actually good?
What are things that give rise to 'introvert' behavior of a person?
How would you sum up Reddit to someone who has never heard of it?
What would you like to be doing right now?
If Kirby ate you, what powers would it receive?
Your username is the biggest natural disaster spreading across the world in 2020. How screwed are we?
You are now a Hacker. What is the first thing You hack into?
What was the best drinking game you played/created in college?
Death row inmates of reddit, what was your last meal?
What is the hottest porn scene you've ever seen?
What exists just to make people angry?
What slogan can go fuck right off?
Ladies what dick size do you prefer?
What are some foods that most people have been eating the wrong way or not the way it was intended?
What would you do if a stranger came up to you and asked for a gun?
What fetish did you not think was good at all until you checked it out and were like, "oh yeah, I get it now"?
What is one argument you would take sex out of if you could?
When did you understand that your friend is just a pathetic lier?
What screams "I'm poor but pretending to be rich"?
What's wrong with All Lives Matter?
What is your stupidest near death experience?
What's a good name for Joe Biden's bus tour?
How do you get the motivation to go to sleep early?
To all the redditors who are cat owners. What made you buy the reincarnation of Satan?
What horror movie monster/villain would be the simplest to defeat?
How to be preegront.?
What activity do you miss less while in quarantine?
What is your opinion on wearing a condom in public to be extra safe from the coronavirus?
Those who have renounced US Citizenship, what was your reason?
Redditors with emus what is the worst/most interesting thing you have had happen?
What inanimate object of yours has developed a personality from the amount of time you’ve spent with it?
Kim Jong Un has been captured by the UN and you are responsible for sentencing him. What is his punishment?
Tour guides of Reddit, what's the worst thing a tourist has ever done under your supervision?
Is there anyone else whose girlfriend likes to play with their ass?
[serious] For those who ask serious questions without putting a serious tag on it, why?
A lot of people like optical illusions. What are some cool illusions for other senses?
Flat Earthers if the Earth is flat why are the mountains pointy?
Should men who can suck their own dicks be given free college? Why or why not?
People who were unfriended suddenly what happend?
When you die, you enter a hallway with 3 doors. The right door says ‘Elysium’, the middle door says ‘Reincarnation’, and the left door says ‘Cease to Exist’. Which door do you choose to pass through and why?
What makes you say, "Just one more"?
What kind of things could you bring to a trump impeachment party?
To people that use fireworks on random nights, why?
How do you feel when you get downvoted for no reason?
People who upvote r/askreddit posts without commenting, why?
What is the easiest way to play on an online casino?
What is the most horrific event that you have personally witnessed?
What is the perfect crime?
Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
Are there any republicans here who will not vote for Trump?
What self-taught skill are you most proud of?
you wake up in a room with no windows or doors. you see a desk with a note. on the note it sais:"you will get released out of this room once you removed your own penis with the sandpaper in the drawer." how lond would you need to get out?
People who have been bitten by uncommon animals, what bit you? How badly did it hurt?
Fugitives of Reddit, how long have yo u been on the run and why?
What is your "It's 2020, we put a man on the moon, but we can't even.." complaint?
When was a time you accidentally did something super awesome and everyone thought you were amazing even though secretly it was just randomness?
What’s a good name for a new WiFi network?
What side hobby turned into a business for you?
What do you think Freud’s take on porn hub would be?
What do you put in your mini-pockets on your jeans?
What TV shows does Reddit think got unjustly cancelled from the air?
If you were to become a pornstar, what would your name be?
What exists for the sole purpose of pissing people off?
Ex Democrats, what was the final straw?
What makes a person boring?
Hows life doing for yall ?
Since no one had "Matt Gaetz reveals 19-year old Cuban son" on their bingo card, what other entries do we need to finish our 2020 cards?
You're Stan, Satan's half-wit brother. Satan is taking a week of vacation and leaving you in charge. What kind of fucked-up quasi-punishments do you issue while Satan's out?
Semi drivers of Reddit, what is the worst load you had to deliver and why?
On the birth of your child, a demon appears and says, "Your child will be extraordinarily attractive, you shall receive $1 billion if they are a virgin at age 25, otherwise your soul and theirs will be mine". You cannot inform your child of any aspect of the deal. What is your plan?
Redditors who were adopted at a young age and found out when they were older, what was it like? [serious]
As a child, when your swing synced up with swing next to you, what did you say to each other?
Non-racist white people secretly annoyed by this worldwide movement, what is your perspective?
At this very moment suddenly everyone on earth is transported 50 years into the past. How do you think life would go from there?
What is the best oxymoron you know?
Surgeons of reddit, what’s the weirdest object you’ve had to remove from someone’s butt?
What's your favorite quote from a movie?
What is the difference in how the Israelis view Palestinians and how how Nazi's viewed Jews?
People who have been murdered, what is your story?
What did you stop doing then picked back up and it was "just like riding a bike"?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be ?
What's something you don't want extra of?
People of Reddit, what is that thing which is bothering you since childhood &amp; you didn't got answer/solution/clarification yet?
To the Police, how does it feel to be picked on every day you walk outside?
People who work in cleaning, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve found in someone’s house?
Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
What is your absolutely favorite quote you've heard?
People who have filmed a porno, what was it like?
Why do you think society always tells gay people they’re going to hell and God hates them but never rapists or murderers?
People of reddit with a photographic memory, what’s it like on the inside? is it all crazy and messed up or is it like a filing cabinet where you can pick and choose what to remember?
Why some people see casual sex as immoral?
Why 😁😁 some people 😛😛😛😛 need spam these emojis 🙋🙋🙋 in every ✊✊ freaking post 👍👍👍 they do 😭😭😭?
If you were a 1-episode fling for Jerry on the show Seinfeld, what would be his silly and minuscule reasoning for breaking up with you?
Today is Danny Devito’s 75th birthday, How should Reddit celebrate and What will our gift be to him?
Which type of YouTube comment do you hate the most and why?
Why does depression amd ptsd and an ex that calls you psycho for caring and missing her hurt for a year and a half hurt so bad?
PSA: You did not win a gift card
Out of all the Free Trials out there, what are some good ones to take advantage of?
What sounds deadly but really is not?
Reddit, what song are you listening to right now?
Bar staff of Reddit, have you ever had a man use the “safeword drink” escape, and how often does it happen?
At the lowest point of your life what were the 'little things' you did regularly that helped you get out of that hole?
Guys who are so attractive that women do backflips onto your weiner, how do you avoid getting it snapped in half?
How much do you wanna bet that if straight men actually gave gay sex a shot, they'd find it enjoyable?
What other minor nuisance can top wearing wet socks?
When was the last time you took somebody up on "say it to my face!"?
The reaper's attribute is the scythe because of the times his picture was established in - for medieval people a scythe would be easy to understand, as it shows he takes people's lives easily, just as they cut down crops. What would he wield today?
Those that believe there is a lot of police brutality, how do you know that you're not being fed anecdotal stories that make the problem seem out of proportion to the population?
Are North Koreans living in the past or in the future?
If Apple were to make houses, would the houses have Windows and why?
[yam] What is you favorite movie about if a word of the title is replaced with 'yam'?
Now that PBS has announced they'll be televising the impeachment hearings, what will the drinking game rules be?
What is your greatest moment in Dodgeball?
what song describes your life right now?
[serious] what’s the creepiest video you’ve came across online?
A magical pet store is open, but the good pets are too expensive, what magical pets you find in the discount section?
What did you stop doing so you could prevent yourself from self-hatred?
Question of ethics - I'm currently staring at a picture of my roommate's boob.
One of the biggest misconceptions that boys have about girls bodies is that they think pee comes out of their butt. So, what is the opposite? What misconception do girls have about boys bodies?
What is a topic you have extensive knowledge in that when you see people spreading misinformation about it, you get extremely pissed ?
Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient "I've seen it all before" to comfort them, but really you had never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
Would you rather master three skills or be ok at all skills and why?
People who have/had matching Instagram bios with their SOs, why did you guys decide to do it?
What is the pettiest thing you’ve done?
What’s your greatest fear?
What supplies or items should every household have in case of a large-scale emergency?
if you had 10800ml of any liquid, what is the liquid and how fast will you drink it?
What is your best personal example of the butterfly effect you have?
Why are you gay?
Trump supporters, why do you still support him, and do you do it out of obligation to your political party?
How has sports changed you life?
People with online friends, have you ever flown somewhere to meet them? How did it go?
If yesterday was "May the Fourth (be with you)", can today be "Revenge of the Fifth"?
What is a basic piece of information your brain refuses to store in long term memory?
What are the free things online everyone should take advantage of?
People of Reddit who work in a casino, what’s some of the saddest moments you witnessed?
We hate the government yes we do. We hate the government how about you?
What can you say as a server and also during sex?
What is an illegal/unethical way to make easy money?
If you won the lottery but you were only allowed to spend the money on your ex, how would you spend it?
People protesting, why are you not staying home to save lives?
Which one do you prefer? Shrek or Ice Age?
[Serious] People who used to self harm, what made you stop and why?
If plants could talk what are some of the creepiest things they would say?
[Serious] People who have slapped their parent or any elder person in your family, what happened?
Redditors that used to be Trump supporters, what was the final straw?
People who haven’t had a happy meal in their life, who hurt you?
[Serious] Should elderly people be forced to take tests regarding their motor vehicle operating abilities and mental fitness and get their motor vehicle license(s) revoked if they fail the test(s)? Why/why not?
“Naked Yoga” is still a thing on YouTube, what other weird categories are still not censored on YouTube?
[Serious] Parents who have adopted a older child (5 and up), how has it gone for you? Do you regret it or would you recommend other parents considering adoption look into a older child?
"Come as You Are," "All the Small Things," and "Lose Yourself" are songs that change their meaning if you add the phrase "in my ass" to the end. What are more?
Why people ate fast food even after knowing that fast food is not beneficial?
Add "With my penis" to the end of a famous quote, what is the quote now?
Girls of Reddit, what is something guys shouldn't feel insecure about?
How come skinny blonde girls get all the hot guys?
The world now runs on anime logic. How is the world different?
Hey redditors, how is it possible that someone in his mid 20s that doesn't drink nor use drugs nad sleeps well forget that he went to see a friend yesterday?
People who had to vaccinate in secret, what was your anti - vaxxer parents reaction after found out?
What is the first lie you remember telling?
Non-Americans who have been to the US: What is the weirdest thing about America that Americans don't realise is weird?
Which Company should you invest right now in the Stock Market if you want to become rich ?
If your username is the way you die, how would you die?
What does porn addiction feel/look like?
Why are you ok with people having less than you?
What's your phone wallpaper and why?
people who watch talk shows, why does stephen colbert just make fun of trump?
Those of you who aren’t into gaming, but have a significant other who is, do you enjoy watching them play?
What Mandela Effect situation bothers you the most?
Soldiers or veterans of Reddit, what is the worst thing you've ever seen while serving? [Serious]
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve done because you was scared?
Redditors, how did you detect abusive friendship?
What is your “we don’t talk about that” in your life?
If ethics were not a concern what reality show would you love to see?
Those of you who have died and were brought back, what did you see when you were dead?
What's the worst thing you've ever found in your food at a restaurant?
If inanimate objects felt pleasure by being used for their intended purpose, how would you make them achieve the ultimate orgasm?
Reddit, why do you hate me for believing in God? 
What's the best piece of advice your grandpa gave you?
Non-American Reddiors, what do you think of the violent protests across America right now?
What “common sense” is actually wrong?
Transgenders of reddit who’ve had a Sex reassignment surgery, What’s the coolest/weirdest/etc. thing about your new vagina or penis?
Those who don’t use their blinkers, why?
Problem with new girlfriend. Reddit, please help me.
Dear men, what are your thoughts on women that don’t show off their boobs and ass with what they wear/cleavage/tight clothes ?
(serious) what are some good videos on Youtube that raise awareness about self-care/mental health?
To people who "made their passion their profession", what is your job and how was the experience?
Now that trump is impeached officially by the house, what are the ways reddit thinks he can be removed from office in November?
All religions have become real, which one would you believe in?
People on AskReddit who are sorting by new, why?
Boyfriends of Reddit, what are things your girlfriend does/says that piss you off?
To LGBT people of reddit, what's something you want everyone to understand about you or others that you feel needs to be said?
Dear Reddit: What the hell is this?
What are your thoughts on Richard Sherman acting like an idiot while being interviewed right after the game by Erin Andrews?
They were kicking so much ass in the 90s, how did it go wrong for Japan?
People who are 40+ and happy with their life, what is your advice to people in their 20s?
Best 3 day trips anywhere in the US for 23rd bday?
Men of Reddit: Your penis now makes an audible sound when ejaculating, any sound of your choosing...what's your choice?
Ladies of Reddit, is having boobs more of a positive or a negative? Why?
What are the best munchies to have when stoned?
If the last person you talked to tried to fight you what would the outcome be?
What is fair about reporting your teacher for touching your shoulder while there asking you about a haircut you are not allowed at school?
What fictional character were you afraid the most when you were kid?
51+% of the US population is responsible of Trump's election, so why literally everybody hates him? Was Hillary Clinton an even worse option?
Red eaters. Why did you do but because you did? Or didn't you?
You've assasinated Stalin, what happens next?
Sex workers of reddit, what are you’re views on Werner Heisenberg’s theories of quantum mechanics?
If Kanye West and Kim kardashian were drowning in a lake and you could only save one of them, what ingredients would you put in your sandwich?
How can you say to someone that you're sick and tired of their toxic personality without getting them offended?
Do you think Trump will get re-elected? Why? Why not?
What are some popular conspiracy theories that have been proved?
People who voted for Trump and now regret it: what changed your opinion?
Redditors of the Midwest who have a home pool, why do you feel it is worth the effort/cost?
What's the funniest infomercial statistics that you can think of?
Guys of reddit, why do you stare at women?
If the first ten people you ever had sex with hosted a roast in your honor, what do you think some common themes would be?
Of all movie opening scenes, which one sold the entire film?
You've been granted one wish by the Douchebag Genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording when making wishes to screw them over. What do you wish for?
What if OP is a twisted-minded genie genius who will screw your wish in the comments over like unheard by mankind before?
International redditors what is the "Florida man" of your country/continent?
People who had sex with their step mum, why?
What are some underrated tv shows that were ahead of their time and still are great to this day?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What makes porn so normalized when it’s incredibly fucked up for you?
What are some Star Wars quotes that are applicable to say during sex?
What do you think of modern music?
You are about to lose your virginity, what is the worst thing you could say as soon as it's in?
Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
What are your thoughts about "Jesus doesn't exist only Yeshua"?
How good do you think you are at ass clapping/twerking?
At what time do cicadas buzz?
Do you like President Trump or not and why ??
Your goal: Creep out the Wal-mart cashier. What 3 items do you buy?
How would you describe colours to a blind from birth person?
What are your thoughts on smoking during pregnancy?
Former Drug Attics of Reddit, what was your wake-up call or event that told you to stop?
People of Reddit. as it should be prom season. What happene to your prom king and queen after leaving school?
People who don’t pee in the shower, why not?
(Serious) Why did Obama not resolve the issues that BLM is fighting for now while he was in office?
What’s the best WiFi name you’ve seen?
When you are gone, what would you like people to write for your obituary and why?
Redditors with racist friends, at what point did you realize enough was enough?
People who give gold to posts, why do you do that?
What's more embarrassing than realizing somebody was not waving at you?
What is the question you want to be asked, and what's the answer to it?
What's your craziest "Horny Teenager Adventures"?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
If you need blood to get a boner can crips get hard? Why or why not?
Opposite sex walks upto you in middle of a road and whispers , let's fuck now. What's your first thought?
what is the most overrated movie of all time ?
What is worse than having a knife stuck up your ass?
What’s your sixth sense?
Which subreddits have the nicest people in the reddit?
People who pooped on the bathroom floor in highschool, why?
If Humans had a mating call, what would it sound like?
If you could go back and change one decision what would it be? Why?
What do you find attractive that most other people would consider a red flag?
Why does Reddit go on and on about privacy, when (at almost any time) several of the front page posts are embarrassing photographs of people, taken without their consent?
What do you want to be your last words?
People who actually had sex with a video game, how did it go?
People who knew well-known Youtubers/Influencers before they got popular, how much are they faking their personality on camera?
People born in the time of the internet, what don't you understand about the before times?
What are life-saving pieces of equipment that can accommodate more than one person at a time?
What’s your favourite emoji?
Transgenders, how does it feel having experienced masturbating from both sexes? Do they feel the same?
Criminals of Reddit: what is your plan when you break into a house and see a naked man running straight towards you?
What's something good that Trump did since he came into office?
What’s your biggest fault?
What is your favorite Trump quote?
If pokemon were suddenly real which one would you have sex with first?
Guys that met up with their cam girl, how did it go?
Which Nintendo Switch games are worth the buy?
What if skin colour is taken as lightly as hair colour?
People who pile on generic YouTube comments like “Who’s watching in 2019”, why do you do this?
You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
Business owners who ask about the legality of defending your business from rioters in various ways (not necessarily on Reddit), why don't you have insurance?
Why are you still awake, freak?
What are some of the most difficult ethical dilemmas?
So, are you buying the iPad?
Why are democrats supporting three old white people, two of whom will be over 80 by the end of their first term, when Andrew Yang is young, intelligent, and explains anything he's asked about?
What hasn't killed you?
People who light fireworks when it’s not a holiday, why do you do it?
How can a country as advanced as the US allow a president and Senate that simply doesn't care about their people?
What is a lesson your parents taught you as a kid that has stuck with you?
Shy/introverted people of Reddit: what is the furthest you’ve ever gone to avoid human interaction?
What parts of your body do you wax/shave?
A wizard is selling potions but the good ones are all too expensive, which potions would you find in the discount bin?
What would you think of a podcast election campaign? Good replacement during corona?
What was your scariest experience ever?
Why do sitcoms STILL use the laugh track to this day? I feel it's insulting to tell me when something is funny if I am capable of figuring it out on my own.
How did you find Reddit?
What’s are some interesting, not super thick, things to put inside a sketchbook collage book combo?
What’s something that instantly triggers you?
You arrange a song to be played at your funeral, what song would that be?
What's the deepest Wikipedia hole you've fallen into?
What is everyone's opinion on Halle bailey being cast to play ariel in the little mermaid? Should it of been a pale red haired girl ??
Scientists of Reddit, what are ways to permanently end America's gun violence and gun problem?
What are some get rich fast schemes that you or someone you know have tried?
People who complain about reposts: do you seriously expect everyone to use reddit's broken search function before they post anything to find out if someone posted the same thing 7 years ago? If so, have you ever actually done this yourself, or are you a hypocrite who is also annoying?
In what do you agree with Donald Trump?
Trump likes to nickname his opponents (Sleepy Joe, Crooked Hilary), what would you nickname Trump?
Russians of reddit, what is the older generations opinion on the USSR?
[NSFW] What example of Rule 34 do you wish you could unsee?
How did you feel when Superman kissed Ironman on the lips and Ironman said oh we're in the endgame now?
A new dating app is launched. Instead of a photo of the person, it shows you a photo of their bedroom, car, kitchen, shoes, how they have their tea/coffee, things like that... what photo would tell you the most about someone, and would you be most interested to see to choose a potential date?
What is the most effective psychological “trick” you use?
How do big tits feel different than small ones while grabbing them?
Americans of reddit, why is rioting the go to solution? What is gained by destroying the place you live?
People dating/married to identical twins: What are some challenges that you’ve encountered?
Redditors with General Lee cars, what y'all going to do?
If cats had pockets what would you find in your cats pockets?
Jesus Christ is running for president in 2020. What are some of the highlights of his campaign?
The numbers, what do they mean?
[Serious] Have you ever experienced any paranormal activity?
What’s the dumbest thing you have ever done?
You now cum as much as you piss. How does this affect your masturbation habits/sex life?
What is one of the dumbest things you've done when your brain was on "auto-pilot"?
Students of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing you have heard in the background of your fellow students during online classes?
[Serious] What frightens you about Trump and his administration?
Redditors who stopped raging on videogames, how ?
What is the most Bullshit reason for a teacher to give you a bad grade ?
Breaking news: President Donald Trump is found dead in the White House. What do you feel upon hearing this?
What is your favorite line from Spongebob?
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
HELP!!! Sister in law just caught me fapping in her room! 
People who were born deaf but gained hearing later in life, what objects did you expect to make noise?
Serious. Transgender people of Reddit, how did you decide that you were in the 'wrong' body and not just gay? What were your thoughts on a daily basis?
What do you wish was more normalized?
What are some ways to start a conversation with a girl??
Lurkers of reddit, why do you choose to lurk around?
When is it time to emigrate from the states?
For people who don't answer anything, why are you up-voting a post but not answering the post ?
You can turn into any object, what will be the worst choice you can make?
People who actually used a pen from start until it lost ink without losing them. How the hell did you do it?
How do bill collectors expect people to pay Bill's when they were not allowed to work? Do bill collectors not have any understanding at all?
People that talk in their sleep, what's the weirdest thing you've said?
Democrats who will be voting Trump this time around, what made you change your vote?
What’s your favourite random fact?
What was a loophole that you found and exploited the hell out of?
What quote has always stuck with you?
What are songs where piano and guitar go well together?
what's the stupidest question you've ever upvoted to the front page?
Help! I really had to take a shit while walking to my car, so I dumped my load in some dude's pick-up truck.  While driving home, I noticed my wallet was missing.
People who have pooped in a urinal, why?
To all of those actually named Chad, Stacy, or Karen, how does it make you feel knowing that your names are used as insults?
What small thing makes you automatically distrust someone?
Why is divorce so acceptable in reddit culture?  People in /r/AskReddit and /r/Relationship_Advice act like it's akin to 'breaking up.'  It's not.  Why get married if you believe in divorce??
You now get $20 every time a different person licks your elbow, how do you profit off of your newfound ability without raising suspicion?
How do you think the term 'Karen' is being abused? Why do we always need a vague someone or something to bully?
You are locked in a room for 30 days with $0 in your bank,a computer and access to internet. You must earn $1000 or you die. What will you do?
What are some niche YouTube channels that go deep into an interesting topic?
Which seriously unpopular opinion do you stand by strongly?
What song just isn't the same without the music video?
What is your weakness when it comes to junk food?
People who have waited until marriage to have sex and have found out that your partner was actually transgender, what happened ?
Men, if all your jizz that was wasted somehow got reincarnated and came back asking for child support but intentionally they wanted to kill you in a fist fight, how many of them could you take and how do you fight back if their age is equal to your current age minus the age you started masturbating?
Hey Redditors, why do you think Robert Downing Jr's blackface in Tropic Thunder remained almost entirely uncontroversial? What's the relevant factor there?
You're about to be cloned, but before you are, the doctor says the clone will be tattooed to identify which one is the original. But after you wake up, you notice that *you* have the tattoo. What do you do/say/think?
What's the most small town story from the small town you grew up in?
Men of reddit, what's your "creepy girl" story?
What's the last rabbit hole you went down whilst browsing Wikipedia?
Males and females of reddit, if you suddenly became the opposite sex but keeping your memories, would you become a "whore"?
What is the weirdest subreddit you’re subscribed to?
How should people go back to sleep if they are awoken after sleeping. 4+ hours?
You did something bad that went viral, and now you are unemployed and strangers hate you. How do you rebuild your life?
[Serious] People who have found a secret room or space in their house: How long did you live in the house before you found it and what was in it? What was the eventual outcome of finding the room?
When you did you realize that you loved your SO? [Serious]
Redditors of Reddit, what are some good questions to ask for free karm- Oops! Meant to say for meaningful conversations with friends and family?
Men of Reddit, what’s something important you think women really don’t understand about being a man?
If YouTube likes and dislikes on a video would be a medieval battle (likers vs dislikers), which videos would have epic battles ?
[Serious] What is a major problem that a lot of people don't consider will happen if the Earth was to be invaded by aliens?
Weebs of reddit, what’s a funny question your normie friend asked about an anime?
artists, specifically illustrators, what are some artistic loopholes/cheats to drawing human anatomy?
You have a chance to have sex with your celebrity crush but shes on her period what do u do?
Has someone ever challenged you to something that they didn't know who are an expert at? If so how did it turn out for you/them?
People who eat ass, why do you eat ass?
Baby Boomers of Reddit, how do you feel about the Ok Boomer meme?
What’s your confession story that you wont tell anyone?
Which subreddit will you NOT join, you absolutely refuse?
People who "get" modern art, what are the rest of us doing wrong?
How would you describe your favorite color to a blind person?
Dead people of Reddit, what’s it like being dead?
What’s the biggest scam people still fall for?
What did you do that made you famous for a while?
Dead people of Reddit, how did you die?
What songs do you think are really clever in their lyrics/production/release etc?
Just watched Tosh.O for the first time..... anyone else think he's a total douche???
Why do so many people comment on AskReddit posts without actually upvoting said post?
If you could go back in time 10,000 years ago and make a cave painting to confuse everyone in the future; what would you draw?
Step-siblings of Reddit: have you ever had a "wyd step bro" moment and how did it go?
What is the worst possible response to "I love you"?
Non-Americans of reddit, what is the first state you think of when you hear “United States”?
What sort of punishment do you think a child rapist should get? (serious)
What should people stop buying?
If subreddits could mate, which would have the most interesting child?
"American Express", now that you have moved 80% of your workforce to India and are working on moving the remaining 20% shouldn't you change your name to "Indian express"?!
How inappropriate is it to make a U turn on the highway when you miss your exit?
What movies would be a lot shorter if the main character just did what the fuck they were told?
I need help reddit, this is a throwaway.
What do you think of Donald Trump in general?
What do you think is scarier, the idea that we are alone in the universe or the idea that we aren’t? Why?
Do you truly think you wouldn't be racist if you traveled back to a time where it was unsafe to be anti racist?
How mad can one reasonably be about others not wearing masks, etc?
If reusable water bottles became humanoid, which brands would be the sexiest? Which would you have sex with first? Why?
Students of reddit, what is your favorite Zoom story so far?
What has NOT aged well?
Are you also sad that you wont be able to see how world will change and what technology we will have in next 100 years?
Ex-toxic people, How did you first realise you had toxic traits and how did you overcome them?
What was your journey to loving yourself like/ how are you doing right now?
What is your favorite episode of The Simpsons?
Why Can't People Take Greta Thunberg Seriously?
[Serious] People who believe in Flat Earth theory, what fact do you use to prove your right?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, have anyone actualy jumped into your taxi and screamed "Follow that car!!"? If Yes, what happened?
What do you think is pretty fucked up?
[SERIOUS] Have you ever been kidnapped? If so what’s your story?
What would you do if you found out your son / daughter was a homo sapien?
What would you do if you accidentally came on a sofa and your parents would be home in less than 30 minutes and you don't want them to find out?
Have you eaten something so good that you wanted to have sexual relationship with it? If so what food was it?
Why did you click on this post?
In what position do you normally sleep in?
What if God was one of us - just a slob like one of us?
What is the most effective way to deal with bullies?
What does the floyd george's case have to do with BLM , isn't it just about police brutality?
What do you think: How many astronauts have had sex in space?
What is your favourite 'fancy' food?
have you had sex? if so, how did you manage it?
What did you bring to lunch for work today?
What are some of your favorite places to be incredibly sweaty and smelly?
Why hasn’t anyone hacked any of the corrupt republicans. Why hasn’t anyone hacked trumps tax returns?
If you walked the halls of Hogwarts, what complaints could be overheard from students?
Why did you block someone?
Girls of Reddit, what are your opinions on cleavage? Do you show it or what you think of others that do, is it proper, and how old should you be before you even go there?
How do you feel about forging a fake cancer report for a chemistry teacher and making him make meth and becoming his partner?
Whats the first time you licked a tree?
What’s your argument as to why white supremacy doesn’t exist?
What's the best anime ever?
People who comment "lol" on posts. Why?
What is wrong with some of you redditors? Totally inappropriate.
What is you greatest sexual experience and how did it play out?
What's something you own that would make a guest ask you, "Why the f**k do you have this"?
Furries of reddit, why do you OwO?
You wake up 2 hours late for work. Would you still go? Why/why not?
Hiring managers of Reddit, what's the dumbest thing someone's ever said or done during an interview?
If we didn’t have the internet how would we ask the questions on AskReddit ?
What do you do when the people you like and enjoy on the internet, turn out to be terrible people?
What is your reasoning to killing yourself ?
Gamers of Reddit what are some good quotes from video games?
You are given a baby on your 21 first birthday, the child turns out to be you as a baby. Raising him won’t change your life, only his. How would you raise this child to give it a better life than the one you have?
You can insert one F-bomb into the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Where do you insert it?
People of reddit, what is the hardest decision you've ever had to make?
When did it become acceptable to post/comment with grammatical errors? Why aren't we calling people out for this anymore?
Einstein said “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” How would you explain your job?
How disappointed do you feel when your post doesn't make it to the big times?
How would things be different if God were a woman?
Who are bigger hypocrites and why, body positivity movement or cancel culture?
What is your favorite song?
[Serious] why some people can't accept transgender individuals and their existence?
How would you react if you were at your date's place for the first time and discovered that they still segregate their laundry?
Straight people of Reddit, what famous person are you gay for?
What do you think of the name Odin for a baby boy?
2020 will be known for one thing and one thing only, all other details will be swept under the rug by historians. What major event of this year do you want to be remembered?
People in their early twenties: how many friends do you truly have?
What is superior pancakes or waffles and why?
How would you feel about different types of nsfw tags like Gore and sexual nsfw?
How did your firtst in your life time date go?
Should people who put milk first be considered psychopaths?
It's 69 days until 4/20/20. How do you feel?
What is the scariest animal that no one talks about?
Ex-Christians of reddit, what was the moment that changed everything for you?
What happened when your unlucky streak was broken?
To all the girls on Reddit, what is the best date a guy can take you on?
[Serious] US police officers of Reddit: What are your personal experiences from the riots?
[Serious] Redditors, what is the scariest/creepiest/most unsettling paranormal, supernatural, or otherwise unexplainable event you’ve ever experienced?
What's something you say in a McDonald's and that you can also say during sex?
Travelers of Reddit, what have you experienced in other countries that you wish was in your home country?
If a picture is worth a thousand words, what sentence is worth a thousand pictures?
[Serious] People of Reddit, why can't some women get along with other women? Is there something wrong with them? Is it an issue that can be fixed?
You are offered 10 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
What is the worst thing you've overheard while pretending to be asleep?
Your Reddit Username is now a sex Position, what would this position look like?
If a sitcom was based on your life, what would the title be?
What is the most unconventional substitute for a pillow?
NSFW. Single people who are constantly horny; how have you been coping recently?
What’s a good way to make friends?
What is UFO culture like outside the United States?
Your Reddit username is now your superpower. What is your ability?
Married redditors who caught their Spouse having an affair... How did it all work out? Together? Divorce? What happened?
Trump supporters of reddit, why?
People who wear shorts when it's 0 Degrees out...WHY?
What fictional death hit the hardest?
Which extinct species would you bring back, if you have the power?
If you found out you were going blind in 24 hours, what is the last thing you’d want to see?
What is something that makes you say "Man, I f***ing hate people"?
What are some of the life experiences that make you felt like you have learned a new language?
Every single human being is gone, but only you and your parent of the opposite sex remain to repopulate the world again. What would you do?
Does anyone else shut the lights off in their basement, head upstairs, and begin to run faster up the stairs just to make sure you outrun anything that may be chasing you?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore?
What should people do if their parents named them Karen, Felicia, Bianca, Chad, Kevin or Dick?
What's a fantastic short story, in any genre, that can be read online?
Ex-gay men/women of Reddit: when did you realise you were a "closet heterosexual", and how did people react to it?
When is the best time to start screeching?
What's something mildly infuriating that you have to live with everyday?
What food combination sounds bad, but is good?
If 'Karens' were around in Medieval times, what would they complain about?
What do you think about in the shower?
To all of you who are out destroying cities, stealing things, blocking roads, assaulting other people, breaking social distancing (or encouraging it) and calling it some sort of good or noble thing, what the hell is wrong with you?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
If police departments were disbanded, how would active shooters be stopped? Are we going to to rely on armed vilgilantes or milita groups ( many of which are white supremacy groups) to protect the public from the shooter?
My roommate gave my cats away while I was gone
What can we do to stop racism against whites?
if you could choose a different word for quarantine, what would you choose?
If Albert Einstein is still alive, what question would you ask him?
WTF why did you do it?
Describe your last poop using the title of a movie or TV show.
Why do YOU support the protests, when the only thing that this causes is even more violence? Don´t you think that opposing violence with more needless violence doesn´t solve anything?
People who strongly believe that men are shit, how do you live knowing that you're part of the reason why our society will never be equal?
Why is Picking Your Own Gender Widely Accepted and Encouraged...But Claiming To Be A Different Race Makes You the Devil?
which character has a legitimately sad and not annoyingly edgy backstory?
What’s that one thing that you’ll never do, no matter what?
People who are naturally witty, how do you do that?
Why don’t you do the things you know you should be doing?
If 2020 was a drink, what would it be?
For non-UK people: what do you think “fairy liquid” might be?
What movies rated G, PG, or PG-13 would benefit the most to an R rating?
Why it's OK to be white ?
Do sex toys become alive in Toy Story? Why or why not?
If you could re watch any show with no prior knowledge of the show what would it be?
Is anyone out there having a good 2020? How?
Which is the most diet-friendly way to get drunk?
Ugly people who do porn. Why?
Babysitters of Reddit, what was your "this family is messed up" moment?
Why you need to shut the fuck up?
What's a thing you strongly dislike about Reddit?
The world is quickly becoming more overpopulated. In your estimation, what will finally serve to reduce or limit how many people there are?
Is it okay to repost something on Reddit if you are the one who originally made/posted it? Why or why not?
People who just upvote but dont comment why?
What are your thoughts on men sitting with their legs crossed?
What actor/actress instantly ruins a movie for you?
What are some skills people think are difficult to learn but in reality are easy and impressive?
My girlfriend just told me we are going to Connecticut next week to be guests on the Maury Show... Should I be worried? What should I do?
What extreme illness did WebMD say you have that you actually ended up having?
Rich people of reddit who married someone significantly poorer, what surprised you about their (previous) way of life?
Who was your first crush?
People who have had both COVID-19 and COVID-20, which one was worse, in your experience?
If you had to pick a genre to live your life in, what would it be?
Death row. Last meal. Why do you choose Diet Coke instead of regular Coke?
Heterosexual people of Reddit, if a top-tier 10/10 person who was WAY out of your league, but also the same sex as you, asked you out on a date, would you at least try it?
What’s it like having boobs?
trans/non-binary people of reddit, what is your favorite gender neutral or gender swapped term that someone has called you?
Redditors who have defecated from their home country in search of a better life, what is your story?
Fun reddit challenge, ok redditors say a show or movie title but replace a word for "bitch". What are some funny titles?
People who decided to move to another country, why did you move?
People who don’t shower, why?
What is the worst thing that you've seen a coworker do and still avoid being fired?
Whats your favorite fapping material?
[Serious] Why do Americans often talk like they are the default country?
What's a lesson you've learned from a parent that you wish others would know?
if you were in a situation with a racist, how would you react?
Would you stop dating an otherwise amazing person if you found out he or she won’t eat raw fish due to his or her fear of undead parasites? Why?
If the president put a gun to his head would the secret service be obligated to shoot him for making an attempt on the life of the president? Why or why not?
DJ’s of reddit how do you guys collab? Do you just sit at the same computer producing?
People who wear masks in cars by themselves or walking on a sidewalk that has no one anywhere close to them why the hell?
Communists of Reddit , why is Communism apparently better than Capitalism?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve heard a person say aloud in public?
Teens of Reddit: What would you like your parents to stop doing, immediately, as of right now?
What is the oldest piece of technology that you own/use on a regular basis?
Rabbits of Reddit, what’s up, doc?
What are some good books that changed your life for the better?
What is your favorite obscure song that most people have probably not heard of before?
What are you thinking about?
Hey Folks What's Your Plan For Today?
We are nearly 1/3rd of the way into 2020, how is your New Year’s resolution holding up?
What publisher will offer moi a three-book deal?
Today, I put on pants. How have you exceeded expectations lately?
What's the difference between Corporations spying on you like Tech Giants and the Government like the NSA spying on you? Both have the powers to access your cameras or webcams anytime so why do people get super serious when the government tries to spy on them?
[Serious] What is something you feel is unacceptable that is still being done today?
How do you know you are not stupid?
What are some smaller youtubers you watch?
Yo, If your house is haunted, why don't you sleep naked, if ghost walks in your room while your naked, it's gay right?
What villain in films/TV shows/games actually has a point?
What organization, movement, or other kind of group is misunderstood? What is actually going on with them?
Favourite Hentai and why?
JK Rowling is completely right. Why are people so mad at her?
Plumbers, carpenters and other trades people of reddit, what’s the most shocking thing you’ve seen in a clients home?
You’re the professor of a college called “Sexual Studies 4004: Masturbatory Studies”. What is on the syllabus?
What causes you to downvote?
Dog lovers what’s your issue with cats?
Who deserved what happened to them, but you still felt bad?
People who have actually had sex with a step relative, what was the aftermath?
What's your evil stepmother story?
how would you admire a girls beauty without turning into a simp?
What's an example of you having an unlikely friend?
When is this subreddit going dark/invite only nonsense going to end?
What are some ridiculous history facts?
Why do I keep seeing so many pro-atheist threads?
What type of abnormal ability you think you have ?
Transgender, non-binary, gender-fluid, demigirl/boy, bigender, intersex or whatever else you may be Redditors, how did your life change after coming out/transitioning?
People voting Trump in 2020, what did you like about his first term?
What was a house rule you had as a kid that you thought was completely normal until you grew up and realized not all households followed?
Those who don't support BLM. Why not?
What do you think your FBI agent is thinking when you masturbate?
What are signs of early development of a eating disorder?
Reddit.... it's my birthday. And no, I will not upload some "cute" picture of a cat. But I will tell you the best present I have ever gotten. What's yours?
How long do you thing “I’m back” Belle Delphine, will be up?
What are some of the biggest problems in America right now?
People of reddit what would you do if you Woke up in GTA 5 one day?
Your username is how you die. How do you die?
[Serious] Americans of Reddit: Why are you proud to be an american?
Whats something stupid that your parents made you believe in?
What is a song that you really like, but not its artist/its artist's music?
If you actually go to a paradise after you die, but the paradise automatically is set up in a way which will be the absolute maximum best and pleasing experience for you, how would your paradise be like?
Redditors who are for, and against, pride-related things, what are your reasonings? (Do not attack people of the opposite party, attacking people will just make them more sure in their beliefs, and if your goal is to change their views, be respectful). Thank you! ?
What ruins a movie for you?
People of Reddit who've had more than one Job, which Job taught you the most?
What comedy movie would've been funnier if there was bloodshed?
Regardless of age, what's the worst video game you at least heard of?
You Wake up with your ass where your dick used to be and the other way around. How would you react?
(NSFW) quick your in a bathroom and your really horny what do u use as lube?
Black American parents of reddit, why do you name your kids weird names?
What funny misheard lyrics did you hear to songs ?
What’s something that you can say in both sex and at a supermarket?
Is it horrible if you treat a trans person like whatever gender they claim to be to be nice but don’t actually consider them whatever they say they are? Why or why not?
Why do you think friends often turn nasty or rip you off or betray you and is friendship really an illusion or at best temporary?
BLM related: When was the last time you felt such a revolutionary spirit? How does this time compare?
Girls who wear things like latex, or plugs, or other risque things in public, what's it like?
Redditors with thin walls, what have you heard in your apartment?
[serious] People with confirmed below-average intelligence, how has your intelligence affected your life experience, and what would you want the world to know about what it’s like to be you?
What are the myths you believe in ?
Where on the body are young women the most sensitive?
If you were a villain and could choose any animal to fight by your side, what animal would you choose and why?
How environmentally tone-deaf is it for Coca Cola’s latest commercial to show a polar bear putting what looks like a plastic straw into a Coke bottle?
Something that's been bothering me about reddit lately...
What do you hate that everyone else seems to love?
Girls, what was the most obvious hint you dropped, and the guy just didn't get it?
Americans: Why is everything in your country a "war?" War on drugs, war on poverty, war on etc...
Your stripper name is the last thing you ate plus your favourite colour, what's yours?
How was Trump able to drink a glass of water with one hand last night?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?
What are some good shows to binge watch in quarantine?
The Machines are redoing the matrix and they accept your one input. What do you change that let's everyone know they're plugged in but machines won't know?
What is your story?
What fictional character would you like to talk to and why?
People who are self-disciplined, how the hell are you able to do it?
What can we do to stop cancel culture and why?
People who had been raped, how was your road to recovery like?
Americans, what do you see in Trump as a president?
What innocent search lead you to nsfw content?
What do you think a rated 18 monopoly would be like?
[Serious] What would 6 hour work days be like instead of 8?
Former SJW's of Reddit, what made you no longer a SJW and how do you view them now?
“Karens” of Reddit, how is your life impacted after being exposed?
What's the creepiest sea creature that you know of?
African Proverb Says "The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel the warmth" What time in your life have you been closest to starting the fire?
What's your worst "where would you be when diarrhoea strikes"?
People who come to a stop one or more car lengths behind the next person, WHY?
What's the dumbest thing you believed as a kid?
What’re you the minority in?
How will Joe Biden respond if Trump defeats him?
What are you doing to be prepared for America's eventual decline into tyranny?
What is the most confusing questions the school has ask for your forgiveness then time it with 5 with apples?
You just got an offer for $600K...but to collect it, you gotta have sex with the main antagonist of the last tv show you watched. Who will it be?
How did you start masturbating?
The object nearest to you must now be shoved up your ass, what is it?
What's a rule that was implemented somewhere, that massively backfired?
Redditors who’ve had sex, how does it feel like?
What's "that" thing you are too ashamed to admit?
Redditors of reddit, why do you like reddit?
Death row inmates, what was your last meal and why?
It's 5 AM and my girlfriend is not back from the bar, am I over reacting by worrying?
What are some school life hack?
Remember the [Yam]
You are transported to year 0, with any object from the present with you. Which item do you choose to make people lose their minds the most?
Are there any non-white people who think Rayshard Brooks' shooting was justified?
What are some subtle signs that you are stressed?
If “OK, Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK, Google” what sorts of answer would it give to certain questions?
For Asian people used to eating hot and spicy foods that Western palates find difficult, what is your culinary pain equivalent when you're presented with food from a Western cuisine like New Zealand, Australia, Europe or North America?
What's the worst thing you've accidentally sent to someone while your phone was in your pocket?
What's the weirdest reason you got fired from job?
People who live in 3 story houses, what do you use each floor for?
Men of reddit: what’s the most toxic time you’ve been told to “man up”?
What is the longest 5 minutes you have ever experienced?
why or why not does the cornonavorus vaccine is the mark of the breast?
Hey, how are YOU doing today? Need a virtual hug?
Have you been delusional sometimes? Why is it happening?
What fact about yourself do you want to share but can never work into conversation ?
How accurate do you think history is ?
What movie did Disney completely ruin?
What was an implemented rule, that seriously backfired?
[Serious] Which verified lie of Trump's has been the most damaging to the country?
What's your favorite Family Guy cutaway gag?
What is a boomer opinion that is entirely false?
how would you react, if only your dick became a vampire?
If we had the technology to tattoo GIFs onto our skin, what GIF would you first get tattooed and where?
What's one thing you wish you did differently?
Unattractive people , who later on became attractive,how did your life change?
If you could pick between $100,000 tomorrow or $1,000,000 in ten years, what would you pick and why?
You are in a room with 10 other people, and you are given a million dollars if after 20 minutes they are all bored. How do you bore them all?
What's something a lot of people think/believe that irritates you?
People who don't know the difference between "you're" and 'your", why is this difficult for you?
What is your first thought when you hear the number "2"?
What is a Star Wars quote you can use while having sex?
[serious] People who have confronted their parents about their toxic behavior, how did it go?
Are you over the age of 20 and have yet to kiss someone in a romantic/sexual way? What went wrong with your life?
Vegans of Reddit: how do you deal with the fact that your mouth has incisors specifically evolved for tearing meat?
What would be different if vagina had teeth?
How do you feel about Pitbulls?
Redditors who bought Belle Delphine bath water, why?
What "pro tip" would you like to give to the opposite sex?
When was the last time you lost the game?
Blind People of Reddit, How are you reading this post?
What inappropriate words did your parents need explained to them?
Cats of reddit, what’s the weirdest thing your human has ever done?
[NSFW] Psychoanalysts of Reddit: What does the type of pornography a person watches say about the person?
People with big-ass titties: How'd you do it?
What would you do if one day, after hearing the name "pikachu" for all your life from 1996 up until now, pikachu's name changed to "pikachi"? What if everyone else genuinely believed it was "Pikachi" and acted like you were a fool for saying otherwise?
Using a movie title, how would you describe 2020?
What's your ideal lifestyle?
Which is worse, picking up warm dog poo or cold dog poo?
Redditors what’s your opinion the sex position 69?
Why do people repost?
When I'm being tailgated, I calmly slow down until the tailgater goes crazy. What little things do you do to punish people?  
Catholics have the Pope, and Bhuddhists have the Buddha. So, people of Reddit, who should be the Head of Atheism?
I found porn on my son's internet broswer.  Did I go about his correctly?
Americans of reddit, what is your opinion on switching to the metric system?
How do you keep your relationship spicy?
What is something in your search history that you are ashamed off and it's not porn or hentai of any kind?
How would you feel about a show where in the first half of the episode, Bob Ross teaches Gordon Ramsay how to paint, and in the second half, Gordon Ramsay teaches Bob Ross how to cook?
[Serious] White people of Reddit, what is the most glaring example of white privilege that you have experienced?
What movie hit you the hardest, emotionally speaking?
How do we know we're stupid ?
People who broke up with their partners and later realised they made a big mistake, what happened next?
[Serious] Oklahomans who are going to Trump's Rally on Saturday - Why is attending that rally worth risking the health of you, your family, and your neighbors?
What do you think is the worst company which has over $1 billion?
What was the last message from your ex?
If you could combine any two animals into one being, what animals would you combine? What will the abomination’s name be?
Men who pierced their penis, why did you do it?
Which company mascot do you think has the biggest dick?
Downvoting, when do you do it?
Do you support allowing children to become transgender? Why or why not?
If it's okay to identify as the opposite sex, is it also okay to identify as another race? Why or why not?
Why are you on /r/askreddit/new/ ?
Why did being Antifascist “ANTIFA” (meaning against authoritarian governments) become a bad thing?
People that don't eat breakfast, why?
Why can't we just agree that we're ALL a bit racist, and that it's perfectly fine to be so. 
[serious] What's your insecurity?
What single character from all of fiction best resembles you and how?
[Serious] Drug dealers of Reddit, have you ever called CPS on a client? If so, what's the story?
Who is the most evil Belgian of all time?
Any men have flat moles on on there scrotum skin area - if so where is it located in the scrotum region?
Former racist, whats your story? [serious]
What is your mom's best meal?
People who read the terms and conditions of any website or game. What's something you think other people should know about them?
People who have gotten a post to hot, how the f*ck did you do it, and what was it?
i just flew 800 miles out to be broken up with my girlfriend. what's going on in your life?
What's the strangest way you got Reddit Gold?
Are there any non-biased, trustworthy news outlets? If so, how are you sure?
What are some horrifying things to consider when thinking about aliens?
What's an interesting trivia fact to drop in conversation that's just a bit too peculiar for small-talk?
Trump said the Unseen Enemy would disappear in April. On which of the remaining few days of April do you think it will be gone?
What is your favourite movie and tv-show?
People who used to develop pictures, what’s the weirdest thing you saw?
If life was game what would, what would the hardest achievement be?
Redditors who don't "Eat ass", Why?
Do people actually not use Night Mode on reddit and why?
What evil prank have you pulled off?
People who live alone, do you recommend it? Why or why not?
What song reminds you of your childhood?
Let’s Say Someone Asks You Your Age. You Say “I’m (insert age)”. That same person snarks back “How come you’re not 60?”. What’s your response?
What's a TV series that everyone should give a go?
Redditors who hate their parents for whatever reason and really want to leave them, how did (do) you deal with it, until you were (are) 18 and could (can) live without them?
Fellow people over the age of 18 who still don't know how to drive, how come?
[Serious] People who do not have inner monologues. What is your daily routine like?
Girls of reddit, how much do you like it when guys make self depreciating jokes and when do they become not funny?
How does a man find purpose in life?
People who were slowly cut off from their family, what happened?
Which subreddit do you think is the biggest waste of data?
Gamers of Reddit, what is your favorite video game trope?
A new level of Hell is opened that's not quite as bad, and it's called Heck. What are the minor heckish punishments that await the darned souls who go there?
What's the cutest love story you've ever heard/experienced?
Which fictional food or beverage have you always wanted to try?
Your Username is the Reason You’re in Trouble With the Police. What happened?
[NSFW] What can be said during sex and while being chased by a knife wielding maniac?
The first picture of a Black Hole will be revealed next week, what do you think it will look like?
What is the most disturbing video you’ve encountered?
Which TV show has had the best pilot episode?
[Serious] People who once lacked motivation but are now successful, what changed?
How did you celebrate your 69th birthday party?
In 40 years, "OK Millennial" will be the catch phrase for young folks to mock us. Which of our then-outdated attitudes and ideas will get the dismissive "OK Millennial" response?
Americans- in 2009 the swine flu H1N1 infected over 30 million, 300 thousand were hospitalized, 17 thousand dead. All inside of four months. Why the panic over Covid-19?
What is the most important book of the world?
Why is it that most people on Reddit are against anything on the web which violates "Privacy", meanwhile they have no problem upvoting images of random people who were photographed unwillingly in an unfortunate situation?
So what do you think the next big thing that will make people forget the protests will be?
What's the best job/work you can think of?
Modern day Firearms have a several safety mechanisms, what if we made it where they cannot be discharged without a body cam recording for law enforcement? No different than making sure the safety is off before the trigger can be released... would this be effective as part of police reform?
Parents of reddit: How do you feel when your kid brings back a girlfriend/boyfriend? How do you decide whether you like them or not?
What are your opinions on the current events with the George Floyd riots?
Teenagers of reddit, the last 6 months of your personal life is being turned into a movie. What will be the title of your movie?
Reddit, please STOP with the atheist, LGBT BS. You're doing more harm than good!
Male redditor of reddit what your proud moment?
Install the app countdown “ps I don’t believe in this just for fun” , now how many years, days have left for you to live?
What is something you enjoyed as a kid, but hate as an adult?
Trump supporters of Reddit, what would need to happen for you to stop supporting Trump?
If white privilege exists then why would white people want to give that up? Don't white people want to enjoy the same standard of living as the Boomer generation?
How do I tell my girlfriend she needs to wipe more? (NSFW)
When was the worst time you ‘read the room’ wrong, and what happened?
What do you love about your best friend?
What would you do if you found out that everything is made up and the points don’t matter?
What's hard about dating you?
Admins of reddit, what are the most saved posts and comments of all time ?
What normal, everyday thing that people do or say gets under your skin?
Women of Reddit: What would you like all men to stop doing, immediately, as of right now?
In your opinion who is the hottest cartoon mom?
You wake up in Dallas November 22 1963; Congratulations! You’re the president of the United States! How do you spend your day?
Europeans, what do you think about Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again!" quote?
What does your sex of attraction think you find attractive but actually dont?
Introverts of Reddit, when was the most inconvenient time your "social battery" ran out?
My father shot himself a week ago today and I really need to connect with other people who have experienced something similar. Reddit, how did you cope with the suicide of a parent?
Ex-Friends of a Serial Killer What Were They Like?
What’s your main reason to keep going in life ?
What was your most embarrassing sexual moment?
People who have adopted siblings, did you use "You're adopted" as an insult to your sibling?
A question about sexist jokes.
ladies, what is your favorite color?
What is your favorite one-hit wonder song?
Let’s guess your country - what is something interesting what only you have or you are famous for?
Women of Reddit, if women could unscrew their boobs from their body to leave at their bedside, what other items would you attach to your boob port?
How would you feel about a ban of “how are you today” questions on the sub?
Why would a coffee maker only make 11 cups of coffee if 12 cups of water was put in?
Former hitmen of reddit, what was the job like and what made you call it quits on the business?
Satan has created a new, stranger realm of Hell called “Heck”...what do you think happens there?
How long has it been since you last thought about The Game?
Should we "believe all wo men" - why or why not?
Replace any word in a famous slogan or quote with "dick". What's the new slogan?
People of Reddit who had sex with their siblings, how the fuck did that happen?
How disappointed are you that the Area 51 raid was a flop?
What drug did you take once and thought “nope, never again”?
What is the creepiest thing you've ever seen in the woods?
Is silence really violence? Why or why not?
Your armpit has been replaced with a fully-functioning vagina. How does your life change?
I'm broke Graphic/Web Designer/Wife hit by recession and husband's illness and i have a £200 gas bill to pay...:( does anyone needs anything?
Dear blind redditors who have smoked weed, how did you feel?
Happy Birthday to me.....
Can y'all comment down any recipe which consists at max 5 ingredients?
What's it like to have a penis?
What’s the cringiest thing you’ve seen a bride and groom do for their wedding?
Why do smokers find it ok to throw cigarette butts anywhere, when they wouldn't litter "normal" trash.
What is a great quote you heard in a porno?
What's the one song you could kick ass in a fight to?
How sick of 9/11 questions are you?
How did you overcome self hatred?
What is the weirdest place you've masturbated?
What is a drug dealers car in your area?
What is a tip that could one day save someones life?
What’s the tallest height you, or someone you know has fallen and lived?
People who wear shorts when it is -100 degrees out, why?
How can we, ordinary Europeans, help make a genuine change in America?
what do you like about ducks?
What 'cinema sin' is the most irritating, that filmmakers need to stop committing immediately?
How do you feel about LGBTQ people?
[Serious] Should Greta Thunberg receive this year's Nobel Peace Prize? Why / Why not?
What problems exist in the Idea/Concept of Gender equality?
The United States is throwing a potluck dinner party, what dish does each state bring to the table?
Redditors who sort by new, how do you know know it's a repost when you see it?
Whos Hyped for more Brie Larson as Captain Marvel? ...Anyone?
If you think Trump is equivalent to Hitler and also you want to ban guns, why?
Why is this gay marriage thing even an issue when our constitution clearly states that our government can't make laws based on religion? 
What's something you should bring with you while camping that most people wouldn't think of?
Who is the most pathetic fictional character that you can relate to ?
People who are anti-gun, does the current issues with police brutality/police response to protests change your mind about allowing people to defend themselves?
How can you ruin your life in a matter of minutes?
How does Trump get away with taking hydroxychloroquine when it’s dangerous, potentially deadly, and not affective in treating COVID 19?
At the end of his 4 year term, Trump goes on live TV and rips a mask off. Who/ what has he been the whole time?
You're a reverse robber. You break into peoples home and leave stuff to confuse families. What things do you leave?
In your opinion, which video game has the best soundtrack? And why is the only answer DOOM?
What, if anything, is Black Lives Matter doing to change the funding of education in the USA, to remove inequality?
You can have sex with Keira Knightley and Natalie Portman but the catch is they're both pregnant what do u do?
Why a pandemic comes in this world after every hundred years?
What’s the sluttiest thing you have ever done?
What’s was the best opening song to a movie?
What NSFW questions do women have about men, but are too embarrased to ask?
There is a well known saying that goes "Always give the hardest job to the laziest person because they will find the easiest way to do it" what is the best real-life example to this you have seen?
Would you date someone who loves watching cartoons and is in their 20s? Why or why not?
People who name their child Karen, Why!?
People who have made out with or had sex with cousin or relative, do you have any remorse about it, and how did you move on?
Your plan for world domination has succeeded! But instead of an evil overlord, you are a mildly infuriating overlord. What is the first law you pass to mildly infuriate everyone?
Women of Reddit: What's the worst thing someone did to you because of your gender?
When you are showering, what is the first body part you always soap up?
What is the worst thing you have done because you got confused between items in different hands?
How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. Do you accept? And what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?
Trump supporters of Reddit, how are you still supporting him after all of this?
Women named Karen how are you doing?
When the hell did "I work at starbucks" get replaced with "I'm a barista"?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have experienced Clinical Death (and then been resuscitated, obviously), what if anything did you experience on 'the other side'?
Do you think Queen Elizabeth still has sex and if so how often?
People of Reddit, what do you know about Iraq 🇮🇶?
What’s your most awkward sexual experience?
People who spell are and you as ‘R’ and ‘U’, what are you doing with all of this time you’re saving?
[Serious] Girls of Reddit would you date a guy who does a drug (MDMA)? What’s your opinion on this?
People who’ve spent money on Reddit coins, why?
Have you ever sorted anything by "Price: High to Low", and if so what was it?
People of reddit, what is the most NSFW thing that happend in class?
What is the weirdest thing that happened to you when you were on a 50 day adventure trying to save a mother of a 17 year old from a hundred year old vampire with your team of buff men with ghosts that posses powerful abilities?
Which was the biggest "fuck you" finale to a TV show or movie you've ever encountered that made you mad?
What's something you can say at a job interview and while having sex?
How does reddit feel about giving karma for cakedays?
Ex Anti-Vaxxers, what got you into being an Anti-vax and what made you change your mind to be a Vaxxer?
Adults of reddit who were depressed kids or teens, what is it like to be here when you didn't expect to make it this far? What would you tell your younger self if you could?
People who never vote, but only comment, why?
What should you call a male Karen?
What was the first set of breasts you touched?
I'm so fucked right now, help
What is the worst experience you’ve had with a Karen?
What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke?
What's the weirdest subreddit you can find?
You’re in an accident and lose one of your arms. You can now replace it with anything you want. What’s your new arm going to be?
[NSFW] Dogs of Reddit, what is something you wish humans would do more in bed?
Have you ever been scolded/humiliated by your boss in front of other co-workers? What was the situation and how did you react?
How does one make a subreddit?
[Serious] What can the international community do to help the teens in Bangladesh against the ongoing government killings and oppression?
Do new users even know what reddiquette is?
People with the name Karen: How much do you want to speak to the manager?
What is an accepted activity that you find repulsive?
A popular saying is "Nothing ie ever lost on the internet" but what is something you have been searching for years and you haven't found it yet?
Mental illness institution workers, what crazy stories would you like to share?
Men of reddit, what myth about men is 100% untrue and infuriates you when you hear it ?
What was a close call of getting kidnapped, murderd or raped you experienced?
People who "receive" anal on a regular basis, what is pooping like?
What does Karen mean?
What screams "I'm middle class"?
To everyone saying Fuck the police, Why should police be getting more sex?
When's the moment that you get to understand an issue that happened before? What was it about?
Who's Teaching Racism in the U.S?
How do you overcome loneliness?
[Serious]9/11 Megathread: Where were you? How has it affected you? Other questions?
What did your parents teach you that you would never teach your children?
[Serious] In the wake of the BLM riots, Yelp has decided to add a filter that allows users to find "black-owned" businesses. What is your opinion on this, reddit?
What made George Floyd's murder racist? Is there anything aside from it being a white cop and a black man?
What is the best question you have ever seen on r/AskReddit ?
To the people who don’t wear masks when going out and don’t really care about the safety regulations if this pandemic, why?
Instead of an oddly satisfying sub how about an oddly dissatisfying sub?
What should homeowners start doing today to try and future proof their house against climate change?
[Serious] Anonymous members of reddit, why do you choose to be anonymous? Are you ashamed or embarrassed of your interests or opinions? Are you afraid of anyone knowing anything personal about you? Why?
Why are always more comments than upvotes in any AskReddit thread?
Who is your high schools most famous alumni?
Women, what's the best way you'd explain to a man what it's like to have boobs and a vagina?
NSFW what's the most disturbing and awful thing you've ever seen?
Who was THAT teacher in school?
If the US were a high school, which type of kid would each state (or city) be?
Porn editors of Reddit. How does your job work and what is your wage? do you have any particularly interesting stories to tell?
Cops of reddit, how did you feel when a friend or a family member attacked cops in gta?
What can a Plain Jane with a potato-like body do to feel sexy and confident to impress her partner?
People who wear short sleeves regardless of the temperature, why?
What’s the worst case of bad timing you have seen?
What is something you can say during sex and a holy crusade?
People that support illegal immigration, why?
[NSFW] What's something you would not want shoved up your ass?
People of Reddit, what are your opinions on the BLM movement?
Serial killers out there, how many people have you killed?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the cringiest/weird tattoo you have ever done?
What other movie except The Big Short (The Big Shirt) becomes something entirely different if only a single letter is changed?
What was the most gripping cinematic scene you’ve ever watched?
What hobby/interest do you have which would normally be considered unacceptable for your age range?
Old members of Reddit , What are the unwritten rules of Reddit that new members should know of?
When did FUCK got overrated??
What was your favourite school moment of this school year?
When was the first time you fell in love and what happened?
What is the funniest or most ridiculous thing you have heard a trump supporter say?
Is there a name for when people endlessly ask if inane occurances in their lives have already been given names?
If you won a war, what song would you use to celebrate?
People who have been discriminated for something they cannot control, what's your story?
Your username is what kills you, how do you die?
What is your weirdest kink?
If talking to your crush was a video game, what would some of the loading screen tips be?
What is your favourite word and why?
People who have been in famous gangs or mafias, what sort of extreme underground activities are not talked about by the media?
Those of you who STILL haven’t pooped in 2019, why are you STILL holding on to last years shit?
People who got hit in the nuts, Who did it? Why did they do it? How long did it take you to get back up?
What movie was so funny you laughed out loud in the theater?
People related to a millionaire, how is it like?
Your username is your last words, how is your death?
If “Karen” is female,who is the male equivalent?
Why don’t they make songs like they used to?
Mike Bloomberg supporters: why?
How come perfect love is so hard to find?
Has a daydream you dreamed ever came true later in life, and what was it?
[Serious] What song would you like to be played at your funeral?
I thought she was attractive until I found out she was vegan. What is your turn off?
U.S citizens, how do you feel about the Wealth Distribution in America?
If life is a simulation, what are some real life glitches?
What was your first computer game?
what time is it right now?
Grocery cashiers/baggers of reddit, what’s the best way to arrange groceries on the conveyor belt?
People who just go on random walks, why? Are you hoping to encounter "the one"? A plot hook? Some new, hidden shop? What is the purpose behind the seemingly aimless walking?
if the universe is hosting a universe fair (like world fair we have but for the universe), what 5 things should earth bring to their booth?
How do you become politically aware without getting stuck in echo chambers?
What is the actual point of having a kid? Don’t they just drain you of everything you have?
2020 is so fucked up....How fucked up is it?
Truck drivers of Reddit, what was your first week like?
How do you train your mind not to worry what others may think of you?
What made you ghost a friend?
You put on the Sorting Hat, which House are you?
For people who keep asking AskReddit why you up-vote posts but don't answer the questions, why do you do this?
All you weebs out there, how did you get into anime??
You've heard the burning house analogy as an example of priority. But what if all the houses are burning?
Out of all stupid things you've ever done while horny, what's the worst thing you've done?
Why ask Google when you can ask Jesus?
What’s the most useless advice that a Boomer has ever given you?
Hentai or porn, why?
[Serious] Non-virgin redditors of Reddit, what did your first time feel like?
For those of you that upvote r/AskReddit posts, why?
Reddit, you have 24 hours to get as many downvotes as possible. How do you do it?
Has anybody ever used "ok boomer", to an actual boomer, in a real life conversation? In what situation/why?
What's the weirdest thing you've found on online marketplaces (Craigslist, E-bay, Facebook Marketplace, etc.)?
Ladies of reddit/trans how has your period affected your life when it comes?
Redditors who had sex after joining reddit, wht was it like to betray your community?
People of reddit with an emotional support animal what is it like?
What would 12 yr old you think of how you are now?
Redditors of Reddit who use Reddit who also Reddit what is the most useless thing in Reddit?
Step-Siblings of Reddit, have any of you actually had sex with each other? How did it turn out?
Is it possible to get over someone when there isn’t an option to get space from them?
You may replace one person with a duplicate of someone else from the same time period who do you pick and why?
How do all you average females cope with knowing that Wonder Woman is more beautiful than you?
If you have given the chance to start your life over at age 11 right now, but still keep all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
The world is ending on Dec. 31, 2020, what's the lamest way it could happen?
What do you regret masturbating to?
Everyone will go along with everything you say for the next 24 hours. How do you cause the most chaos?
What’s better broken than whole?
People who let their mom count to 0, what happened after?
What 2000s song will always be a banger?
What if aliens knock everyone on Earth out cure all their illnesses and fix everyone's dna so we dont die then leave?
What is an opinion you once held that was proven completely wrong?
When do you downvote, when do you upvote?
What are some signs that a "friend" isn't truly your friend?
When Hermione talked about Amortentia - the love potion - she said that it smells different to each person, according to what attracts them. Hers smelt like freshly mown grass, new parchment &amp; spearmint toothpaste. What do you think yours would smell like?
What foods can a teenager cook for his parents to help their depression?
LGBTQ+ members of reddit how/when did you come out and what was the persons reaction?
Whats something you can say during sex and while presenting a school project?
Joss Whedon or JJ Abrams which is better?
What really happens when the ice cream machine is broken at McDonald’s?
Redditors, what's one thing that makes you feel uncomfortable?
There are 2 types of people, who are they?
What happens to all the exams sheets after the results have been announced?
Why did you comment on this post?
On September 11, 2001, what were you doing when the Twin Towers fell and where were you?
What video games have you spent countless hours on and said to your self "wow, i really got my money's worth out of this game" ?
You've been granted a wish, but only if it's one you had as a child. What is your wish?
What's the story behind your username?
What is your favourite boardgame, and why?
What is the Worst Movie you've seen?
If you ever had a moment of realization that you were being a Karen, what happened?
What's one thing that can instantly make your day better?
If you could instantly make anything the most viral meme ever, what would it be?
What is a painful experience you had, but wouldn't mind doing it again?
What was the best movie from the 80's?
uncle joe follows you to the washroom, what do you do?
Okay, Want To Learn How To Draw So Who Knows A (Preferably Free) Youtube Playlist Or Online Course Where They Cover All (Like ALL) The Necessities Preferably In A Structured Manner?
people who stay up late (2am and up) what has been you’re biggest late night accomplishment?
What is the funniest way to die ?
Who is your school's most famous alumni?
Hey reddit, are you as sick and tired of the musical sequences in family guy as i am?
People who are motivated to do things, how the fuck do you do that?
Yesterday my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me. But she forgot I own the Condo, and pay all the bills. What is the Worst / Best thing that has ever happened to you!? 
What is your opinion of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) receiving so much support lately?
I just raped a girl, and feel horrible about it. Please reddit: what do I do?
What only exists because humans are dumb?
Police officers of Reddit, who’s the smartest criminal you’ve ever encountered?
There’s a population of 7.5 billion humans and 19 billion chickens at any given time. If there was a chicken rebellion how would you prepare to fight off your 2.7 chickens (give or take a few)?
Science side of reddit, why does water taste normal in the day, but at 2 am taste like heaven?
What is something that is surprisingly hard to do even though it seems easy?
What book fucked you up the most and why?
People who found themselves being portrayed as the villain on a reddit post, whats your story ? how did you handle it when you found it ?
How should one celebrate his 1y 0d Reddit Anniversary?
I was sexually assualted/raped last night and I'm afraid to go to the police because I'm black and he's white. :(
Redditors of Reddit , what’s the Redditest reddit post have you seen a Redditor post on Reddit ?
What is something about your country you're actually really proud of?
Your username is now the only thing you can say during sex and also while gardening. What other overdone-to-hell format questions can we come up with over the next, say, 14 days?
What do you think the 2020 December boss battle will be?
How triggered are you when someone misspelled something on one singl paragraph?
On April 1st everyone gets a text on their phone saying “April Fools! Sorry about the beginning of the year, let’s retry that” and we get sent back to January 1st 2020, what’s the first thing humanity should do?
Dieters, what is your cheat day meal/snack?
If you had to describe your sex life using only the title of a video game, what would it be?
What was the worst punishment you ever had?
if you were the opposite gender for a day what would you do?
whats the worst thing you've gotten away with?
How would you feel if Megamind got his own TV show?
Females of reddit, what are some tips/advice that you could give to a single, 45 year old male in becoming a better ninja?
What useless skill do you have?
Girls of Reddit: What is the weirdest thing you've ever put inside of yourself? (NSFW)
Who are the worst kind of people, and why are they bicyclists?
You are about to meet your real parents but you have to poop real hard and you know, it'll take you forever to finish. what you gonna do?
Haven't heard anything from Kanye West, where he at and what's he got to say about George Floyd?
What's your best drug bust/orgy sex story?
What two games, when combined, would make the best game ever?
[SERIOUS] People of reddit whose SO was raped, how did you deal with it?
Storm Area 51 is just one week away. What's a harmless way they could "stop us all"?
Cat owners, when did you realise you chose incorrectly and dogs are clearly superior?
Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
What's a quote that will always stick with you?
Users of reddit who have had sex with celebrities, what was it like ?
What's the most kind/beautiful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
You have been offered a blowjob from your celebrity crush but in return you gotta blow your best bud, what would you do?
What do you hate to hear at sex time?
[Serious] What is the deadliest thing known to mankind?
People who have decided to be born, do you regret it and why?
If the bible had an anime adaptation,what song would fit in the opening?
You are in hell but if you beat the devil in a game of your choice he will let you out, what game would you pick?
How much police brutality would take place if people didn't resist arrest?
[serious] Reddittors who recovered from Covid19, how are you now? What was it like?
What surprised you about sex after having it for the first time?
People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
What is better tits or ass?
Soon-to-be-born foetuses of Reddit, what are your expectations of the outside world? Excited?
Extroverts of reddit, what questions do you have for introverts?
How would you hide a body?
If forcefields became a reality, how do you think the world would change?
What is the male version of a Karen called, and what does he do?
People who are economically left-wing and have an income, why do you like paying taxes?
People who stop their car 10 feet before the line at a traffic light, why?
People who actually got married on an "if we're both still single when we're 35 we'll get married" deal...what's your story?
What would you do if you find out a person that you thought was out of your league has a crush on you?
People of reddit, do you keep on wiping until the toilet paper is clean after a crap? Why/why not?
[Serious] How come girls are more likely to commit bank fraud in International space station?
What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
Both you and a turtle will be given $10,000,000 and immortality, but if the turtle touches you, you will die. The turtle always knows where you are and slowly follows you wherever you go. What do you do?
African Americans of reddit: how has your life improved since the 8 minutes and 46 seconds of blackout on askreddit?
If "Karen" has a son who's just as rude, entitled and selfish as she is, but worse due to this generation's wide knowledge of the internet and media, what would his name be?
You're given the option to drop what you have and return to 12/31/2011 as yourself at that age, but with the extra 8 years of experience. Do you take it? Why or why not?
If marriages were 5 to 10 year contracts with options to renew if both parties accept, how would the world be different?
What was a huge trend that everyone forgot about?
Gamers of reddit, when did you realize that you were destined to become a school shooter?
What was the funniest stories anyone has as a police officer?
Redditors who live in Wyoming.. why?
What are some shituations that can be ruined by the sudden urge to drop the kids at the pool?
People who support Trump and have "proud Christian" in their bios at the same time, how do you reconcile those two things?
What's the most controversial opinion that you hold?
What are some subtle ways of expressing disappointment?
Anyone else wonder if that youtuber kid Ryan of Ryan’s Toy Show and Ryan’s World is growth stunted in some way like Gary Coleman or Andy Milonakis?
It's that time of year again. I hate to sound like a grouch, but PLEASE think twice before flooding Reddit with pictures of you/your kids Halloween costume.
What is the most mysterious, unexplainable thing that’s ever happened to you?
What food do you absolutely despise eating?
How can we convince someone that a stain on an older piece of clothing that is used for chores is not ejaculate?
You are sent back to the day the titanic set sail with nothing but a 3rd class ticket (and food water ect) your task is to stop the titanic from sinking, how do you do this?
Do you ever look at yourself one day and think you are hot as shit, but the next day comes and you've become Quasimodo. Why do you think this happens?
How would you feel about a character driven RPG game to shed light on police brutality and show the unfairness of the justice system from the perspective of a hard working African American man?
People who park backwards in parking spaces, even when it means making other people wait around while you do so, why?
Admins of Reddit, what's your favorite subreddit?
What's the best way to waste $100?
What is your opinion on the moon?
PS5 or PC? Why?
What are some reasons to support President Trump and his administration?
What instantly ruins pork for you?
What time do you usually wake up at?
worst eoropean country ? why ?
People who get mad over rickrolls, why?
What annoys you the most on Reddit?
African America cops of America... What's going through YOUR minds right now?
If girls can wear pants, why can't boys wear skirts?
Suppose you work at a 7/11. One day, a parrot flies through the door with 5$ clutches in its beak, grabs a bag of crackers with its talons, flies over, and puts it on the counter. You ring it up, give it the change, and it kindly cleans up after it’s done eating. How do you react?
People who upvote a post with 69 or 420. Why?
White Macy's employee was attacked and beaten up in Macy's by black man. No major media is covering this story and celebrities are silent on this while being extremely vocal about racism in the past weeks. Why is that?
What do you say to people who blame their weight gain from medicine they took for mental health?
Where were you 9/11/01?
[Serious] What's your story of seeing somebody's mental state degrade?
Has anyone here been through a carwash on acid? If so what was your experience?
Redditors, what’s your playlist for the revolution?
If you could devote 10000 hours to any skill what would it be?
Which female character has the best ass in the cartoon world?
If you could end coronavirus by sacrificing one genre of music then which would it be and why K-pop?
(Do not upvote, I'm doing this because I'm drunk, not because I'm a karma-whore) HEY YOU! Yeah, you reading this, you are fucking awesome, and don't let anyone tell you anything else!
What free things online should everyone take advantage of?
What’s the adult version of “there is no Santa Claus”?
What was the worst pain you have ever endured?
How do you get over the person you thought was the one?
People who only wear white underwear, why?
Americans of reddit, in what situations can you shoot someone?
What was the longest minute of your life?
If you ask someone out and they say no, what is the best thing to say?
What is your favorite "Summer song"?
Republicans of reddit, what is your viewpoint on Trump right now?
Rupert Murdoch BAD for stealing and publishing private info.  Julian Assange GOOD for stealing and publishing private info.  Explain?
What are some weird ads you have seen recently?
What innocent search turned out to be porn ?
Black Americans, being someone outside America, what can we do to help?
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
How much time would be required to ruin a full year of hard work and great progress and get messed up?
Users of Reddit, how do you know you have a toxic friend?
If HBO's Chernobyl was a series with a new disaster every season, what event would you like to see covered?
People who survived COVID-19, how are you now?
Out of all animals on earth, which animal would claim the title of Karen, and why?
For those who have used it since the year it launched (1991), what was the internet like in the first 3-4 years of its existence?
If the Earth’s orbit could be altered, how long would you want an year to last?
[I'm just testing. Disregard](/spoiler)
How would you feel about the legalization of sex work in the US?
redditors who check out the NSFW posts and subs at work, how else do you like to live danngerously?
Women of Reddit who have shown your vagina to your friends. Why?
Why do most redditors hate Christians, but are outraged if anyone hates Muslims?
Who do u think is more milfy Natalie Portman or Scarlett Johansson and why?
What's a name that if you read backwards, is still a viable name?
How will the Corona virus make movie theaters obsolete?
People who have sex on first date, why?
What's the worst coworker you've ever worked with?
How would you feel about a high school class called "Therapy" where kids are taught how to set boundaries and deal with their emotions in a healthy manner?
Trump haters of Reddit. What's something good Trump has done for the country or for you in an indirect way?
If you could change something about the politics in America what would you change?
Redditors who are touch depraved, how do you get through it during quarantine?
Funny answers preferred - How people react when you🤧 sneeze accidentally in public these days?
2020 and the rest of it’s bullshit is going to be put in the history books, what special title would you give this chapter?
Your nickname is your next life partner. Who will it be?
What's your favorite SpongeBob episode?
What is the best place for lunch near you?
You have to have a threesome that includes one same sex politician and one opposite sex celebrity. Who do you choose?
What was your “I fucked up” moment?
All the dads out there, how do you feel about the decision you made to stick your wiener in the vagina, and decide that not pulling out was a good idea?
To the people of who's past caught up with them, what happened?
how one can start thinking positive?
Has anyone actually tried sticking your penis through the bottom of a bucket of popcorn during a date? If so, how did it work out? [NSFW]
What can you say during sex and while being arrested?
What would you do if you were dating a guy who was impotent?
Introverts of Reddit what social interaction makes your “battery” down to 0% immediately?
What is a truth that nobody wants to say it out loud?
People who work in Human Resources, what is the weirdest shit you have seen?
It has been revealed that the Earth is actually a 4.6 billion year old game, developed by xXGodXx and YourManJesus. What is the worst patch/ update that was released, and for what reasons?
What is the most "Fuck you" moment that you ever received from the writers while reading a book/ seeing a movie/series?
So if 20,000,000 Russians died under Stalin and 40,000,000 Chinese died under Mao, why do the Jews seem to have a monopoly on human suffering for their 6,000,000?
Adults of Reddit, what are you hobbies and how did you find them?
What are your unusual hobbies that you hope more people knew about?
Mark Zuckerberg announces that from now on everybody needs to have facebook profile by law and that you have to post there one thing a week to not break national law. How Will you react?
You suddenly appear on the stage of America’s Got Talent. 1,000 people are clapping and cheering. The crowd goes silent, and Simon Cowell tells you to start. What talent do you perform?
Ladies of reddit, how small was the smallest erect penis you have encountered and how did it go?
Trump supporters of Reddit, how did this recent George Floyd event change your point of view on Trump?
What song is short, but amazing?
What book or series really needs a movie adaptation?
Trump supporters, what is the one thing he can say which will make you lose your support for him?
People who argue over the best gaming platform, why?
People that talk during TV shows and movies, why?
People now have a second hole in their ass that they can use for talking, how does the world change?
What’s your school’s dumbest rule?
What is the saddest movie you ever watched?
What "unhealthy" food is healthier than people think?
What are your opinions about Facebook gaming, since Mixer is shutting down?
What's a really awkward situation that everyone can relate with?
If the animal kingdom was judged by human morality, which species would be the most horrible?
[Serious] Former republicans, what made you walk away?
If you could play one board/card game with anyone in recorded history, who would it be, what game, and why?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
If "retirement" in the future means you donate your body and organs at age 40 but will be kept alive artificially in a perfectly simulated environment where you live worry-free, would you do it? Why or why not?
What is a feature that is inarguably hot, regardless of gender?
[Serious] Redditors who are no longer suicidal, what changed?
If the wage gap is real, why doesn’t every company just employ women?
Redditors who grew up with shady/criminal parents: What did your mom or dad teach you was OK to do that you later learned was illegal or seriously frowned upon? (Serious)
What has been your "I fucking told you" moment?
Why do you think men should quit watching porn?
How can social media eliminate "hate speech" without eliminating hate?
guys of reddit what would u do if u found out your wife is actually your sister?
Reddit, are you aware how dangerous the ask-a-rapist thread is?
What movie do you watch at least once a year?
[serious] Redditors who are in the process of, or are planning to have, children: why? The world seems like such a terrible place, and it seems like every year, it gets worse. Why are you choosing to bring more lives into the mix?
What's the longest you've ever held in a poop?
What is the weirdest fetish you've ever heard of?
Men of Reddit. What are some mistakes women make during sex?
What is your "I'm Sad" playlist named, and what are the top 3 songs?
Aside from Harry Potter, what's the best fantasy movie you've ever watched?
What TV shows should be cancelled already?
If you were a death row inmate, what would you pick for your last meal?
If vegans don’t want to eat meat, why do they love making and eating things that taste "just like meat"?
Aliens of Reddit: how do you disguise yourself to avoid detection?
People of Earth what are your intentions?
Every single human on earth gets additional penis. How would humanity react and how much life would change?
If a girl was unconsciously drunk and had sex with a guy that was also blacked out drunk, would you blame him for rape? If yes, why? or Why not?
My American boyfriend has not yet realized that my numerous idiotic questions about America are jokes, despite their constantly increasing idiocy. Break up with him?
You have 30 seconds to save the world. All you have is a block of cheese and a little piece of string. What is your next move?
What bad subject do you and your S/O try to avoid like the plague ?
They say there are no stupid question, but what's the most stupid question you have ever been asked?
What would be the worst place/situation to be in if your gender suddenly and magicaly switched ? [nsfw]
[Serious] People that are anti-Trump: What is one genuinely nice (no sarcasm; complete seriousness) thing you can say about your president?
Have you seen a karen and what did they do?
[Serious] People who moved out at a young age, what was the last straw?
Those who have been or currently are in the Foster Care System, what do you wish people knew?
What are some perks of being you?
Redditors who had taken civics in high school, what is taught that most Americans don't know?
People who still support Jeffree Star or Shane Dawson, why?
If you could teleport, what would be the easiest way to legally make money while keeping your power hidden?
What is absurd in your opinion?
How can you contact the dead?
If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
Whats the most overrated movie of all time?
Girls of Reddit does it make a difference to you when blowing a guy whether he has a foreskin or not?
Thanksgiving Megathread - What are you thankful for?
Can We Please Stop Posting Facebook Arguments?
North Koreans of reddit, how do you feel about seeing a rocket actually fly to its desired location?
What is a good starter video game for a middle aged man who has never really played before?
My girlfriend was just raped. I need help. I dont know what to do
What is one thing you wish you did right before quarantine?
What's the movie that you didn't like in the first viewing but as time passed, it grew on you and now you like it?
What’s your most interesting “stung by a bee” story?
Americans, what has Trump done that is impeachable?
Fat people of reddit, why are you fat? Have you ever tried losing weight?
If you had 700g of cooked ground beef sitting in your fridge, what would you do with it?
What’s something that you lost interest in as you grew up?
What is your go-to song to listen to when wallowing in depression?
What is something that traumatised you as a kid?
I was at my neighbors house trying to clean up his computer for him and found some nude pictures of my 15 year old sister. What do I do?
If the person who ruins this is the snitch that would tell the teacher the class stil had homework. Can you people on reddit create a sequence and break the world record of most f in the chat in a row?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
What is the most hurtful thing a medical professional has ever said to you?
Doctors of reddit. What was your "how the f*ck did you survive that" moment?
Do you sleep naked? Why or why not?
What made you question your existance?
Why do some questions get thousands of upvotes while others get 2?
What is something that really doesn't last?
What are the most ridiculous porn story lines you've stubbled across whilst doing research?
People who ask 'why?' at the end of their askreddit question, why?
You are offered 17 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
When did time begin?
Does anyone want to organize a globally synchronized toilet flush here on Reddit?
Girls of Reddit ! why you wear underwear and why not?
How do you respond when someone says that they’re ugly?
[NSFW] If anal sex was a game, what would be some loading screen tips?
[NSFW] Women of Reddit, what is the grossest way you've ever masturbated ?
People who had no sex education at all and had never ever seen the opposite sex's special parts, how'd you know how sex worked (if you did at all) and which parts were supposed to go where? How did your first time go?
people who upvote but don't comment. why?
[Serious] If you had taken your life one year ago, what beautiful things would you have had missed out on?
Should people over the age of 55 be required to retake their driver’s test every year? Why or why not?
If You Could Become Any Fictional Character Who would You Be?
Am I the only person who thinks that the Apache gunners in the Wikileaks video weren't entirely in the wrong?
How to get karmas?
What animal would be weird if it had human arms?
There are approximately 1.5 million ants per person on the planet. If you had control over your share of ants, what would you do with them?
Redditors who pay for onlyfans, why?
Doctors of reddit, whats your’Thank god they came in for a second opinion’ moment?
Dear Reddit people... why are you sooo prejudiced against 4chan?
Gay redditors, when did you know/realize you were gay ?
Oatmeal Eaters of Reddit, what's your best topping?
You're offered the opportunity to have sex with anyone you want, whenever you want for a whole year but the whole thing, including foreplay and aftercare, is posted on the front page of Reddit for everyone to see. Do you take the offer?
Women of Reddit, what are somethings a father should know while raising a girl?
What’s the worst thing you can say while on a date?
How do you feel about your country?
Dear people of reddit, what is your weirdest fear that people would make fun of you for?
You are suddenly 10 feet to your right. How does that change your present situation?
What is the strangest thing you have saw in your life?
What’s something that you can never seem to be able do in your dreams?
What disturbs you the most about the thought of Donald Trump becoming president?
What is your most hated OCD tendency?
Is cleavage in the workplace sexual harassment?
What was something your family did that you didn’t realize wasn’t normal until you did it in front of others?
To people outside of the US: Are you annoyed or angry that the US' current BLM movement is taking all the media attention, when there are other issues in other countries in need of attention/awareness as well?
What would you call a person that told others to inject themselves with a cleaning product?
Your username is your cause of death, how do you die?
I was in jail for the last 14 years and as of today a free man again...
What was a great thing ruined by popularity?
People of reddit... what would you change in time if you had 1 use time machine?
What are some of the BEST choices, you've made in your life?
People who played Fortnite before it became popular, what was your reaction to the battle royale mode?
Is there anybody who did not vote for Trump in 2016, and will be voting for him in 2020? If so, why?
What would be your reaction if you saw your father figure getting destroyed in the first two hours of game play?
If you could put only one 18 rated sex scene in the whole Star Wars series, where would you put it?
What did your parents tell you as a kid that you believed, but now realize doesn't make sense?
What is the greatest food sin you've seen someone commit?
What is a song everyone has heard but doesn’t know the name of?
Males who have been victim to female sexual assault/molestation, what’s your story?
What exactly are you NOT willing to do for five million dollars?
Fugitives of reddit, how long have you been on the run and why?
How are you feeling today?
You found a Genie! what are your three wishes?
Could Australia defend itself from a invading force like China without her allies? If so how?
If there is a finite amount of matter in the universe, how can Olive Garden offer unlimited breadsticks?
What sequel was worst than the first movie?
Men of all ages, did you ever get in trouble or scolded for being a gentleman, what happened?
What’s a creative insult similar to “glue eater”, or “crayon sniffer”?
What is the motivation of people who make copyright-free music that anyone can use completely free of charge? Do they do it just for fun? Solely out of kindness? Or are there other existing motivating factors as well?
The birth control pill was the last big game-changer for sex. What would you want the next big thing to be?
Why is /r/atheism subscribed to the redditor by default? This will probably get down voted to shit but I don't care.
What is your opinion on what's happening in the world right now?
Urban explorers what's you scariest experience?
Teachers of Reddit what was the most craziest drama that happened at school?
You have three wishes but they can't benefit you directly. What are they?
What is something you did that increased your quality of life so much that you wished you would have done it much sooner because it changed your life forever?
Schizophrenic’s of reddit, what was the early onset symptoms that came on and what age?
Which Movie/TV Show did you find funny as a child, but more depressing when you watched it again as an adult?
If you could enlarge any animal, insect, etc. to be your war mount, what would you choose?
How does your puke taste like?
I'm an Atheist, and the more I read /r/atheism the more I feel like Atheists are just a bunch of assholes. 
Do you think a baby centaur would suck on the horse nipples or the human nipples? Why?
what's the nicest thing a person done to you?
What is one of the dumbest ways to die?
You have complete control over one species of an animal or an insect (except humans), to conquer the earth and topple human rule. What species do you choose?
Those who play with your cock and balls, what kind will the rooster fetch?
If we all die in the end and none of it matters, what’s the point in living?
People who have dated an alien, was it better than dating a human?
Posters of Reddit, what is a post that you thought would go viral but it didn't?
What fact is common knowledge to people who work in your field, but almost unknown to the rest of the population?
What is it like to log into reddit and see that you got a thousand or more karma points on a post?
Joe Biden supporters: why?
What things REALLY make you cringe?
What does sex feel like for your biological gender?
People who give awards but don’t upvote or comment why?
whats a "holy thats gotta hurt" moment?
How would you defend yourself from a predator woman, who want to steal your virginity ?
What type of underwear do boys even wear?
So if Atlanta doesn't turn into The Purge, how long until we can abolish police departments?
To the people that keep random items/tools in cookie and ice cream containers, WHY DO YOU TEASE US LIKE THIS?
What feels better than sex?
which books/series/movies have made a huge impression in your life?
You’re homeless, someone just gave you a $5 bill; You can either buy a muffin or a decent sized crack rock, what do you spend your $5 on?
What are the funniest/strange weed strain names you have come across?
What's the best LGBT movie you've ever watched?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while having sex ?
What are some signs that a post will blow up?
Kitten owners, what are some kitten tips?
What is the word you absolutely hate people for using?
Sex workers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest kink a customer has asked you to fulfill?
whats the worst way to die?
People who got all C's in high school, what made you want to become a cop?
Night owls of Reddit, what's the creepiest thing that ever happened to you past midnight?
People who joined reddit, why?
What is a question you posted on AskReddit you really wanted to know but wasn't upvoted enough to be answered?
What's one thing you don't like about your gender or gender population?
People who dont play darksouls what do you think the objective of the game is?
(SERIOUS) To the people who have heard the burning house analogy, dinner analogy, breast cancer analogy, jesus and 1 lost sheep analogy etc. Why do you still say all lives matter in response to black lives matter?
Uranus is hiding 13 invisible rings. What is urs hiding?
People of reddit, how is your day going?
Why do you upvote but don't comment?
What is one unpopular opinion that you have?
What would you call a guy version of a Karen?
What has made you lose all respect for someone?
If you had to say one last sentence before you lost your voice, what would it be ?
What song(s) make you feel like everything will be okay?
[Serious] People who are advocating for the abolishment of the police force, who are you expecting to keep vulnerable people safe from criminals?
How to make a potato stop barking?
Why? And why not?
Your username is now a new diseases/virus, what are the symptoms?
What's one way you personally like to relax, and then to the next person, how would you ruin that act of relaxation?
You can access Creative Mode in real life for 24 hours. You are effectively immortal, are super strong and fast, can fly, and can spawn any creature or material into the world. What do you do with your abilities?
15 years of Reddit today! What’s the reason you love using it?
What has JK Rowling done this time round?
What's some thing you can say at a funeral and during sex?
If we evolved from monkeys, why are there still monkeys?
What would your 13 year old self think of you now?
Shouldn't the olympics be something free for anyone to watch on the internet without all this copyright madness?
How do you tell if someone is attracted to you or just being very friendly?
Bill Gates approaches you on the street and says “I’ll give you a million dollars if you let me shove my fat horsecock up your ass.” What do you say?
Why do you wake up early?
Guys of reddit, what can us girls do to make you feel special?
[Serious]People that voted for Donald Trump and now regret your decision: What happened or changed that caused you to regret your vote and what would you do differently if you had a do-over?
What about Alabama jokes does reddit find so funny?
Why haven’t aliens just destroyed our planet for resources?
People that were diagnosed with depression, How did you go through with it?
Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
Is a person with a Reddit account morally obligated to tell their potential sex partners beforehand that they have a Reddit account? Why?
What stories had perfect endings, but were ruined with the introduction of a sequel?
What is the strictest rule in the workplace that everyone hated?
Civil engineers of reddit, did twin towers really collapse due to plan crash alone or was it a controlled demolition, if so what was the actual events that had to take place for the building to collapse in terms of civil engineering?
Soilders of reddit is it reasonable or even possible to do the classic move from video games and movies where someone runs up to a tank or is already close takes out a grenade opens the door drops it in and closes it to take out the entire tank crew?
[NSFW] Girls of reddit, what was the strangest thing you've shoved up your vagina?
For the few that have actually read any terms and conditions, what sneaky things have you found?
Girls of reddit - when the guys aren't around, what do you REALLY think of the 2008–11 Icelandic financial crisis?
What is a gift that will last a lifetime?
What is 2020’s theme song?
What’s something you always assumed was normal until you were told otherwise?
How did a dream or nightmare affect your day to day life?
People who masturbate everyday, why?
Is it me? Or are most post from r/Atheism that make the front page more close-minded and ignorant than the Christians they laugh at.
Men of Reddit, how easy is it for you to tell if a breast-owner is wearing a bra or not?
A Dragon suddenly appeared in front of you looking all intimidating, what will you do?
If we have casual sex, that means that ranked competitive sex exists. What are the different ways you can earn points or multipliers?
What is your 2018 video game recommendation of the year?
[serious] How the hell do you report subreddits on mobile?
What is your favourite foreign food/snack/ drink etc that you cannot find in your own country?
[serious] What was your biggest ‘we need to leave... Now!’ moment?
What is a good name for a business that mainly sells frozen meat that is used for breakfast food?
What race have you never had sex with?
Racist people, honestly what the fuck is wrong with you? Like what is in your mind?
Where to buy alcohol 99.9 for electronics?
For those who had a family member murdered, how has it affected you guys?
What do we call male Karen’s?
When does looking younger than your actual age become positive thing?
Non Americans of reddit, what are your thoughts on the United States?
People who Engaged in beastialty, why did you do it?
If lobster are physically incapable of feeling pain, why is it inhumane to boil them alive?
What's a common saying that annoys you?
Which Celebrity gives you the quickest boner once you look at them?
People of Reddit who have mastered the art of lucid dreaming, how does it feel? Is it worth it? What is the craziest thing you have manipulated in a dream?
People with schyzophrenia, have you ever tried to roast/insult or attack somehow your voices? If yeah, what was the outcome?
What movie should never be remade, rebooted or given a sequel?
People who where kidnapped, what happened?[serious]
Do “All Lives” matter? What do you think?
You go on a first date with someone, what habit or characteristic is a deal breaker?
What is the best way to promote music release in just USD 100 budget?
[Serious] What's keeping you from ending it all and killing yourself?
What is the most amusing unsolicited advice you have received from a friend or family member recently?
How would the world be different if women were just as horny and desperate as men?
People of the UK? How’re you coping without being ale to get a hair cut?
What is your favorite color and can you describe it without saying the color?
You wake up in Paris July 28 1794; your name is Maximilien de Robespierre, what do yo do?
What's a good question to ask here?
What’s not a big deal to you that seems to piss off everybody else?
People who believe that sex/gender is based in biology: why?
Americans, what do you think your government should be doing to better protect you against Covid19?
Why don't we have two different NSFW tags, one for Violence and one for Nudity?
If earths gravity was half of what it is now, how would everyday tasks be affected?
What fucked up thing did you do as a kid?
if you were a Demon, what would you take instead of souls?
If each country had a national catch phrase or slogan, what would your country’s be?
What is your favorite movie quote of all time?
People who have had Covid and survived, what’s it like?
[Serious] What is your favorite cooking recipe that you wanna share ?
What's the fastest way to lose all of your friends?
"Normal" redditors that dated a celebrity, what was it like?
Which cartoon character would you have sex with?
Americans: What's the deal with you guys and guns?
What if teeth itched?
How do you feel about using abortions for stem cell research?
Can we remove r/Atheism from the stock subreddits? Explanation inside.
What names are too human to name an animal?
Transgender men/women and Non-binary reddit users whats dysphoria like for you and how do you manage it?
If your girlfriend was in your moms body, and your mom was in your girlfriends body, who would you have sex with to get them back to normal?
If anal sex is a sin, then why did God put the prostate up the arse and make it feel so good to tickle?
What do you think donald trump's kids got from the tooth fairy?
Homosexuals of Reddit, what's the sexiest home you've been in?
When you were first busted with porn, what excuse did you give to your parents?
Those of you who know a Karen, what is it like?
What is a book that got you into reading?
What actors and actresses have the most interesting eyes?
(only answer if your mom has done this) Kids/teens of reddit, what did you think of your mom being a karen for the first time?
What happens if you cum on an iPhone (NSFW)?
People who have gotten reddit gold, what was your comment?
Women what's it like having Tits?
Your pet starts talking. What do you do?
What are things from the early days of the internet that you don’t see much of anymore?
You have 5 seconds to ruin a wedding what do you do?
Sex workers of Reddit, have you ever had steaming hot passionate mind-blowing orgasmic sex with someone you met on Reddit, how would rate it, and would you be willing to recreate that experience?
What made the ‘weird kid’ at your school weird?
What is your stand on the 2nd amendment after what happened in Las Vegas?
What collection did you have as a child that would have been worth a fortune now had your parents not thrown it away?
Really reddit, weed?
What is your go-to illegal streaming website?
Those who were teenagers in the 90's, what piece of technology took you a long time to adapt to during the turn of the century?
What sounds like a dream job but actually sucks ?
LGBTQ+ people of reddit. At what age did you discover your sexuality?
Alien photographs rain down on earth one day. The pictures show human like creatures that are genetically identical to us but there is one major difference, these aliens have their penises where our noses would go. How would the world react?
What death in a movie was meant to be emotional, but you thought it was funny?
If you had the option right now to instantly gain 5 pounds of muscle, lose 10 pounds of fat, or stay the same, which would you choose and why?
What's something that your parents constantly pressured you to do growing up?
Non South Africans of reddit, what have you always wanted to ask a South African?
How do you protect and defend yourself when you are being bullied?
People of reddit, why is your day?
What is your mom's catchphrase?
What are some AMAZING movies that you never hear any body talking about?
What is truly the best social media out there?
Redditors who have parents that watch Fox News and were successfully able to deprogram their parents from the Fox News mindset, how did you do it?
What's a game you've played for 5000 hours and still continuing?
What’s the most “I’m turning into my parents” moment for you?
New Trump supporters, what made you change your opinion of him?
To every American who voted for Trump, are you happy with how great America is now?
Parents of kids with ADHD, do you medicate them and why or why not?
Women of Reddit, would you date a male inexperienced virgin? If so why or why not?
Same sex couples of reddit have you ever/are dating some one with the same name as you? What is it like?do you have fun with it when introducing yourselves to other people?
What’s something you can say during sex and a family reunion?
Because karma doesn't matter....
Which country has the best flag according to you?
What does vagina taste like?
What's your nationality and does homosexual still suffer severe discrimination in your country?
What post made you unsub from a subreddit?
If you would go back into the past to the period of your choosing, and you only have one knowledge we know today to give to the people in the past, what knowledge do you think would further humanity the most?
Why is it that when Michael Vick abuses an animal, people go crazy; however, when Chris Brown beats a human being, nobody seems to care?
What does a day in quarantine look like for you?
[Serious] Major protests in the last decade along with the Trump presidency has many people saying the USA is going thru a time that will go down in history books and be taught in schools. What’s your take on this, and what do you think the outcome will be compared to past historical movements?
What weapons would you put in a mech suit if you had a chance to build a mech suit?
What's on your bedroom walls?
You've been granted the power to bless people with minor conveniences. How do you make their lives slightly better?
One day you wake up in the body of the opposite gender. Would you be attracted to men or women and why?
Who gave you your best or most memorable hug?
Once Tump is out of office whether it be by vote or impeachment or whatever else it could be, is it possible to have a complete media blackout of him and his family?
If someone tried Fortnite and liked it are they a monster and why?
Reddit people of reddit, what is the best sex you’ve ever had?
What conspiracy theory/ies do you genuinely believe in?
How would you handled things differently to manage population changes?
What can you say at the barber shop and also during sex?
Its Taco Tuesday! What ingredients do you like in your tacos?
In May 2018, Jeff Bezos made around $191,000 a minute. If you were given his bank card, and given 10 hours to spend, how would you ensure that when you gave the card back his balance had decreased from when you received it?
Important news about the future of AskReddit #2
Redditors, when did you find yourself in a sticky situation, and how did you get out?
What is the HARDEST to answer "Would You Rather" that you have heard?
You are now teleported 3 feet to your right. How does you life change?
Who is one stranger you remember?
Hey U.S. Redditors. Does it feel weird that I'm writing this from Australia in 2012 and it's currently 2011 there?
Chinese people of Reddit, how do you feel when China government is constantly criticized by all countries for it's actions?
What do you think is the most iconic movie scene of all time?
They say love is blind. What other emotions have disabilities?
When did you realize they weren't the one?
What product immediately becomes scarier when you put "military grade" in front of it?
What do you think is the correct religion?
Philadelphia is considering opening a site where drug users can go to legally use drugs. They would be monitored by medical professionals who would administer anti-overdose medication as needed. Medical professionals, how would you feel about having this job?
What’s the point of sex scenes in movies?
I honestly don't think XKCD is funny. What're some opinions you have that usually get you downvoted to oblivion?
What is your strange hobby?
American Republicans of Reddit, if Republicans decide to move on from Trump at the RNC, who would you like to see on the ticket?
[serious]people who changed from one side of the political spectrum to the other(from left-wing to right-wing and vice-versa),what lead to that change?
What's a movie that you can't believe got a PG or lower rating?
The object to your right is now your only defence against a mugger with a knife. What is it and how would you fare?
What would you recommend people who are trying to get over their phobias?
Students and former students of Reddit, how is it like to have your parent as your teacher in school? If that isn't the case with you, how do you imagine it to be?
People of Reddit who drink water when they are very thirsty, WHY?
People who had two exes that eventually dated each other, what's the story?
We have a right to assemble, and a right to bear arms. There are only about five, or six states that say you can't do both at the same time. If the police don't like our peaceful, Constitutionally protected protests, then why don't we arm ourselves, like the guys who stormed the Michigan Capital?
Any Hillary voters who are now Trump fans? What convinced you?
Why are you still awake??
Females of Reddit: What thoughts commonly go through your head while giving a blowjob?
What opinions of yours constantly get downvoted by the hivemind "unfairly"?
How would you feel about a ‘None of the above’ option in elections. If that option wins, the election will be held again with new candidates?
What if computers took over the world?
What's the best way to take off someone's underwear or panties without using your hands?
What would you do if you lived in a pineapple under the sea?
Now that Google has become complete shit, which is the better search engine?
What were you in taught in school that you later found out to be completely false?
What do you hate about Gen Z?
If vegans dont eat meat, why do they eat fake meat? Isn't that like hating pedophillia but still using a child love doll?
People of Minorities, what was it like being a kid, teen, or young adult in the 90s?
People who’ve attended weddings were someone objected, what happened?
Berniecrats and republicans who are resigned to voting for Biden, how will you respond to a really controversial VP choice like a Hillary Clinton?
Australians of Reddit who actually go to Hungry Jack's, why?
Your username is the reason World War III started. What happened and why?
Which conspiracy theory do you believe is true?
What would be included in a Premium version of sleep?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you ever came across?
It is currently 3:00 AM, why are you not in bed?
What very realistic event could happen to make 2020 even worse?
People who went to area 51 today, what happened there?
[Serious] Religious people of Reddit, if you are certain of your faith, your god and the afterlife: why cry when someone dies? What is there to be upset about?
If you can add or remove any quote from the entire star wars saga, what will it be?
The protests have taught us that you can condemn any person, alive or dead, by one bad decision, so why is Joe Biden still the presidential candidate for the democratic party, given his history of racist political actions?
What are songs like “Real to Me” by penguinz0?
Dc vs marvel who has the best written characters and story's based on mainly the comics not the movies?
What video game made you cry?
Why do you think that the rape/murder of a child is more serious than that of an adult?
What's the most effective way to gain karma?
People with siblings with autism and/or Down Syndrome. What is your relationship with them like?[Serious]
Librarians of Reddit, ye who have read so many tales and soared along with countless character arcs, how do you and your colleagues categorize people's personalities?
What’s the stupidest shit you’ve ever heard come out of someone’s mouth?
Old people of Reddit: what was it like to poop without a smart phone?
The bat mobile has been upgraded into a blyatmobile, what are some of its features?
what would have happened to the japanese if hitler won?
Can you please stop telling us that you're so drunk/high right now?
Hey straight people of reddit, what will you do if a person of same gender says they liked you ?
If everyone was cows, what are some song titles you'd expect from Emoonem and other cow rappers?
What was/is a trend that aged like wine?
What harmful things are being taught to children?
Your wife found out that you simped $10,000 to an attractive girl on Twitch. What’s your best excuse?
Reddit, what is the most blatant lie a salesperson has told you when trying to make a sale?
Seriously americans, what is up with the enthusiasm when it comes to the military? How can such a big amount of people think it's a good thing?
What did your crush do that absolutely killed your interest?
What movie scene was so cringeworthy it physically hurt you that was supposed to be serious?
What’s better: Being a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond?
Since tomorrow’s supposedly the end of the world, what’s the last thing you’re gonna do in quarantine before it happens?
What is considered cute when done by a kid but illegal when done by an adult?
How did someone find out that you found them excruciatingly annoying?
Ladies of Reddit, I was denied a second date because I slept with her on the first date. I was told that this is a common test that I failed. What tests do you conduct to determine if a guy is long term material?
What product did you use wrongly for a long time before realising you were using it wrong?
People who have posted black squares on IG and FB, what have you done today to support BLM?
When your friend suddenly became popular, how did it change your friendship?
Redditors of Reddit, What is the emptiest post you have seen upvoted to the front page?
If you were the enemy of the United States, how would you take advantage of the current situation?
Light mode users, why?
What the best subreddit for finding origins of odd videos?
What is your fondest memory from your childhood?
What was your weirdest dream?
What are some things Donald Trump says during sex?
What social mistakes have you made during quarantine that keep you up at night?
Boys we only ever see girls post about this, so lets return the favor. What do girls do that give you the “ick”?
People who upvote posts on 69 upvotes, why?
WHAM! you just murdered that kid that said time out before he was tagged, how do you hide the body?
College graduates, have you ever thought you picked the wrong major? If so, when did you realize it and how did you deal with it?
Redditors of reddit, what’s it like to use reddit?
Rather than eating a family size bag of Doritos in 20 minutes, what are some healthy snack alternatives that can be consumed in large amounts?
Customer Support workers on reddit, what is the most Karen moment that has happened to you?
What’s a spur of the moment decision you made that ended up affecting your life drastically?
Why do the reddit admins allow child exploitation subreddits? And why do so many redditors defend them under the guise of free speech?

What are some common 'facts' that are actually completely wrong?
What is a good birthday present for a dad?
U.S. citizens who voted for Trump last time, who will not be voting for him this time.... what changed your mind?
What is one thing you don’t understand about yourself?
Billionaires of Reddit: What are you currently saving up for?
Since "Land Of The Free" isn't applicable anymore, what's Americas new motto?
What did Obama do better than Trump?
What did a friend of yours do that accidentally turn you on?
114 Year olds of Reddit, what would you scream at your 108 Year old selves??
What small detail would you change in a video game that would ruin it the most?
Parents of Reddit, what "why?" Has your toddler thrown you that even Google couldn't answer?
Have you ever met a celebrity and if so, who was it and were they nice?
If You can Change One thing about your Father, What would it be?
If all humans are naked, would we be more horny or less horny and why?
What's the biggest lie you ever got away with?
Men of Reddit, what are somethings a mom should know while raising a boy?
What have you been trying to sell for ages, but just can't find a buyer despite the low price and fair offer?
How would you react if your penis grew its own arms and legs and then ripped itself off your body and started chasing your cat?
If your username was your sex act, what would that sex act be exactly?
You suddenly get access to Trump's Twitter account, what's the most damage you can do with one tweet? [NSFW]
It's been rough lately, but what is the best thing you saw all day TODAY?
Men with long hair, how/why the eff do you do it?
what's ur favorite subject and why?
Hello African-Americans, what are your police stories?
If there are any Trump supporters here on Reddit, how do you feel about our president allocating a good amount of time in the rally to describe his walk down a ramp and his unique way of sipping water?
What do you feel is the correct step to take now that the US President is openly using Nazi symbolism?
What is an adult problem you were not prepared for?
Reddit racist scumbags
People Who wear shorts when its -0 degrees outside Why?
What kinda made you mad recently?
People who identify as non-gendered / agender, how would you explain your gender identity to someone who has trouble wrapping their head around the concept? (Serious)
(NSFW) What is the weirdest anime you have ever watched?
People with periods, if you were suddenly able to control exactly when your period starts, but you still have periods every 25-35 days, how will you put this newfound ability to good use?
If your username was the name of a disease, what would the symptoms be?
Ladies. Do you like your breasts to get sucked in sex ? And why ?
What’s a good question to ask Reddit?
Guys with small penises... what’s sex like?
When did your most awkward boner decide to show up? [NSFW]
What movie scene always makes you smile?
What is the most Kevin thing you’ve ever seen?
What becomes the best movie title if you end it with the phrase “in that pussy”? [NSFW]
What's a fact about you that sounds completely unbelievable?
When has being a Karen actually paid off?
People who get the right side of the blanket all the time, how ?
What 80’s movies hold up and are still worth watching 30-40 years later?
Why do you like to be alive?
Men of Reddit, what do you think about during sex to delay your climax? [NSFW]
You’re a burglar, but you only steal things to slightly inconvenience your victims. What are you stealing?
What stopped you from killing yourself ?
People who wear shorts or flip flops when it's under 50 degrees out, why?
Young people of Reddit, have you ever seen the Austin Powers movies and if not why do you deprive yourself of such pleasures?
[Serious] whats the worst thing you've done to another person?
Which bad guy in fiction was correct in his beliefs or reasons?
Gordon Ramsey has to critique the last dish you cooked. What are his exact words?
who the fuck is chuck testa?
Women who have been sexually assaulted by men what's your story?
With so much negativity going on, what are some wholesome interactions you've had with law enforcement?
why corona virus started ??
Why it's hard for people to be nice on Internet, and it's easy for them to be rude?
(Serious) For those who still support trump/the Republican Party. Why?
What screams "I'm very insecure"?
I accidentally screwed a waitress out of a tip today.  Did I do the right thing?
What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
I once dated a young mother who worked two jobs and went to school full-time, but still made it home every single night to cook dinner for her daughter and spend time with her. When have you seen young parenting go incredibly well?

If you could sit down with God and talk to him about one thing what would it be?
People who ask "people who do X, why?" questions, why do you do that?
People who voted for Joe Biden on Super Tuesday , why did you do so even though most of his campaign has been just based around how he was the vice President to Barack Obama and not on any policies?
You are a burglar but instead of stealing, you do things to inconvenience the lives of the home-owner. What do you do?
Redditors who voted for Trump, why?
How do blind people knows when to stop wiping their ass?
What do you hope for in 2021?
How do you all stay positive even when you know you’ll most likely have to work until the day you die?
In all seriousness, why would it take for the Republican Party to drop Trump as their candidate for the election?
Bartenders of Reddit, what is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard because people assume sound doesn't travel over the bar?
Christians of reddit, if you die and Anubis is waiting for you instead of Jesus. What would you say?
You have become the sole moderator of the entire Reddit, access to all Subreddits. What's the first thing you do?
You get $100 million in your bank on the condition that you cannot travel outside of your home country for 7 years. Additionaly you have to remain a citizen of your present country all your life. Will you accept it ? Explain why ?
What is something that you thought would be easy until you tried it?
Has anyone else lost inspiration to comment on /r/askreddit ever since the hidden score was implemented?
If there is a world war 3, who wins?
What inanimate object would you just like to say "fuck you" to?
What’s the one thing that terrifies you the most?
Whats the most racist joke you know?
Picky eaters of Reddit, what is your go-to "safe meal"?
What movie dialogue is improved by replacing one character's reply with "OK, Boomer?"
What’s going on on the non-English parts of the internet that we’re all missing out on?
[Serious] What are some signs of various mental disorders that usually go unnoticed?
What excites you about the future?
Italian bread bakers of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've seen while baking Italian bread?
Christians, why would you follow a God that is so clearly tyrannical and evil?
What do you absolutely not give a fuck about?
What do you think would happen if Donald Trump was a dictator?
People getting off planes in Hawaii immediately get a lei. If this same tradition applied to the rest of the U.S., what would each state immediately give to visitors?
What's the deal with kids having tons of energy? Do adults actually not have as much energy, or is it all in our head?
Why can’t people agree that you are doing enough by not being a racist?
If God created a Reddit post asking for suggestions on the next update of Earth, what would you comment?
What is a subreddit to steer clear from?
What happened to Old Zealand?
NSFW Ladies of Reddit who let guys “finish” on their face. How many of you are out there?
Psychologists, Therapists, Councilors etc: What are some things people tend to think are normal but should really be checked out?
You are now naked. How much trouble are you in?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the consensus of the US at this moment where you're from?
What's the first book you've read that got you into reading books?
Your current mood and the last thing you ate is now your Porn Name. What is it?
What is the greatest of beards, worthy of the pillager of towns, ruler of all, conqueror of women, destroyer of worlds?
So...what would you've done, if that chinese guy hadn't eaten a bat?
People who have cummed into your own eyes, what the fuck?
What is the best line you’ve ever heard someone say in a porno?
What do you never want to forget?
Dog eaters of Reddit, which breeds have the best taste?
[Serious] Men who got raped and were laughed away (or not), what is your story?
Redditors married to Karen's, how has that worked out for you?
If you had to invent a body spray for men that would repel skanks and whores but would also attract dream girls/girl next door types, what would this spray be made of and what would it smell like?
What is the closest non sexual thing to an orgasm you have experienced?
Straight people of Reddit, when and how did you realize that you like the opposite sex?
Americans, who will you be voting for in the 2020 presidential election, and why?
How can people believe in God but not believe Systemic Racism is real?
White people of reddit, have you ever encountered racism towards whites? What happened?
Parents of children born with rare defects, Whats it like for them and/or you?
A British charity that helps victims of forced marriage recommends hiding a spoon in your underwear if your family is forcing you fly back to your old country, so that you get a chance to talk to authorities after metal detector goes off - have you or anyone else you know done this &amp; how did it go?
What does “Black Lives Matter” mean to you? (Serious)
Reddit, can you help? Bridesmaid trying to get to wedding that starts nr Baton Rouge in eight hours, stranded in Memphis due to cancelled flight.
Do you like Greta Thunberg? Why or Why not?
There's been a Virus, Murder Hornets, Potentially Aliens, and now riots are breaking out from blatant systemic oppression. What's next?
What type of bean is best?
You are in the first 100 colonists to Mars, What would be your role aboard the colony?
What book fucked you up mentally?
What movie things are generally accepted as normal, but are totally unrealistic in real life?
What are some underrated weird/cool animals you know of?
Which fictional character do you adore but is deigned to be completely unlikeable?
What's unpleasant, but also very healthy?
What is your answer when being "accused" of white privilege?
Why you preorder the games?
Men of Reddit, what is something we can all agree on?
If you could have 1 thing that doesn’t exist appear right in front of you, what would that thing be?
What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
best underrated animated show? can be for kids or adults?
What is a "million dollar idea" you've had, but someone else beat you to it?
What folklore creature do you think really exists?
What was your most unexpected interaction on Reddit that left you smiling?
You can add nude scene to any movie. Every single copy of that movie in existance Suddenly gains this additional scene. What kind on nude scene are you going to add to what movie?
Reddit , we get it. But please move TSA crap to /
r/america .
Gamers, what is the most thing drives you crazy and angry in a game ?
What the best way to answer to a spam call?
What is something that has aged well?
Ok think of your crush. What is your favorite soda?
What should everyone try at least once in their life? [Serious]
why girls get so aroused when ur mean to them?
What everyday skill becomes suspicious if you are too good at it?
Married people of Reddit, what did your loved one do that make you say "I want to get married to that person"?
Even after all the tax breaks, the top 5% of earners in this country pay 58% of all taxes in America while the bottom 50% pay less than 2% of all taxes. How is making the rich pay more justifiable when they already pay almost all of the taxes?
My step brother keeps messaging me on r/gw what should I do??
What are some REALLY REALLY weird subreddits?
People with screen-share trauma stories: what happened?
People who dislike a video without even watching it, why?
When did you realize your friendship was more than a "friendship" and what happened?
Which year was your happiest?
Imagine you could replace Trump with a different celebrity. Who would it be and why?
People who were in deathrow, what was your last meal?
Rick Astley, why do you trick so many people to see your video? How do you create so many fake social media accounts?
People usually try to buy the cheapest possible option when buying things. What is something you intentionally pay more money for?
People who believe that there are more than 2 genders, what is another gender besides male and female?
Assassins of Reddit, how much would you charge to get rid of a sitting head of state?
If you can only travel back in time 1 second, in what scenario would you use it?
What have you disregarded as non-canon, despite being 100% officially canon?
People with anger issues or people who get angry very easily, how do you control your anger?
People who voted for Clinton in 2016, but are planning to vote for Trump in 2020, what the hell?
How would you comfort people that has anxiety attacks?
As said by a true genius, there are two types of men, ones who tried sucking their own dicks and liars. What's your blowing yourself story?
How are YOU doing today, you sexy motherfucker, you?
Who is a famous person that got recognized only after their death?
You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. just kidding, but what are some questions you genuinely don’t mind being reposted?
Is it true that there’s a cap on how intelligent you can be when becoming a cop?
If you were guaranteed the correct answer to one question, what would you ask?
Would anyone be interested in splitting r/pics into r/pics (no memes) and r/memepics (only memes)?
You have 20 seconds to ruin a photo shoot. What would you do?
What is an uncommon use for a common product?
Goodwill/thrift shop workers, what are some of the strangest things you've found in the donations?
We have 'Taco Tuesday'. What food would you give to the other days of the week?
To those who are in favor of toppling statues and or defacing them what's next?
Starting from January 12th 2020, doors will become illegal. That means all existing doors will be removed regardless of their purpose. What do you do now?
Porn Actors, how did your family react when they found out you did porn?
Men of reddit, what are some examples of sexism you have experienced and how did it affect you?
What's the scariest story you've ever heard ?
What is the best Way to Hide a boner ?
What if this year never ends...?
for the people who say kill all men, why?
Toxic fathers, why won’t you just go to therapy?
What's the funniest insult you've ever heard from a child, directed towards you or not?
How do you deal with loneliness?
[Megathread] Ellen DeGeneres Megathread
You're now a max level Karen with end game equipment, what is something only you can do taht other Karens could only dream of?
Because trees have been around for millions of years, insects like beetles and moths literally look like sticks and leaves in order to blend themselves from predators. How long do you think it will take for insects to look like man-made objects, and what object will it be? Any thoughts?
How do you pee with a boner?
why would any woman support, let alone by happy about, the kavanaugh ruling?
What makes you happy?
We did it for Star Wars and Avengers, now it's time for Harry Potter! You can put one F-Bomb in the Harry Potter series, where do you put it?
(nsfw) Hi reddit, Just wondering what are the most weird thing you've fucked, and girls were fucked with, i mean, Apple Pies and coconuts are weird enough, but what strange items are in your lets say 5 item list of thing you've fucked the most, any any strange things? Ex: an Apple pie? Hum?
What are some of your favorite beverages?
[SERIOUS]Are there people within the LGBT community who regretted changing their sex and realized that was a phase that they grew out if?If so,how did it happen?And what permanent changes do you regret?
What's a perfectly legal thing that'd get you killed if done 100 years ago or further?
What if, after you die, A bunch of karmawhores ask "How was r/AskReddit?"
What is the most cringe thing you ever did?
What are the best pick up lines?
You're about to have sex for the first time, what are the loading tips before you go on?
“Free Candy” is often joked about being written on the side of sketchy white vans to lure children in. As an adult, what phrase would have to be written on there for you to hop on in?
Can someone explain to me the appeal of drinking? I'm 21 and have never touched alcohol
What's your answer to a 5 yo asking how moms get pregnant?
What is the most horrific thing that someone has told you super casually?
What was the biggest steal you found at a dollar store?
If you could force yourself not to enjoy something anymore, what would you choose?
As of right now, what will it take to make you 100% happy?
Deceased people of Reddit, how did you die?
Redditors from the UK who don't like tea, what's your preferred drink of choice either when you visit someone's home or otherwise?
When were you caught watching porn?
Some people hate peanuts but love peanut butter. What foods do you only like when they’re served a particular way?
Non-Americans, does your culture have "old-fashioned" dog names like we do in America, such as Fido, Rex, Spot, Rover, etc, and what are some?
Congrats! You are now Jeff Bezos. It is 2024, and President Trump is out of office. How do you use your billions to mess with Trump?
[Serious] Why are you still supporting Trump?
What would you do to change the current school system for the better?
[Serious] How do yall refresh your curls after wash day?
Fellow men of reddit what is the male version of a period?
Blind people of Reddit, how are you reading this?
What’s the RAREST thing you own and how did you get it?
if someone was attracted to men, women, non-binary and gender fluid people what would they be classified as?
(NSFW) Gay/bi men: How many straight guys have you catfished online by posing as a female?
What’s that one meal or drink that relieves your stress?
What's the biggest fuck-up you've made while cooking?
why do you like or hate trump (serious)?
Parents who make kids pause online games, why?
Would you support a remake of snakes on a plane where a bunch of innocent snakes are flying to their holiday destination when they realise a samuel l jackson has snuck aboard and plans to kill them all one by one? Why/why not?
What's the equivalent of going to a White House dinner and being served McDonalds?
What was the worst/weirdest thing you microwaved?
Generally calm people of Reddit, what made you lose your absolute shit that time?
What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
You loose your virginity to your username, how was it? Would you do it again?
Which songs do you think have the most poetic or meaningful lyrics?
Gamblers of Reddit - the new lottery doesn't use numbers; it uses emoji. Which emoji do you play?
If you had the opportunity to create a profession that doesn't yet exist, but is very necessary in your opinion, what profession would it be? What industry does this profession cover?
If everything was legal why would you fuck your pet?
What if you had access to 100% of your brain power?
My cousin just defended her overweight son after he ate my all my birthday cake BEFORE it was time to eat it. Reddit have you ever seen a parent defend someone over something outrageous?
People who are anti-5g why?
What looks easy peasy lemon squeezy but is actually difficult difficult lemon difficult?
What was the worst thing someone on Reddit told or called you?
What’s the best cat name you know?
What have you learned from your last relationship?
Those who were popular in High School, how did you get to be that way?
Driver's License testers- what's the worst thing a kid has done without batting an eye while taking the driving test?
What do you think happens after you die?
Gun Owners of Reddit, what would you recommend as a first gun?
How do you feel about a 4 day work week?
What is the weirdest rabbit hole you went down while looking at wiki how?
What are some good jobs for extreme introverts/depressed people?
If your Employer gave you the option to work 10 hour days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hour days Mon- Friday would you do it? Why not?
[Serious] Why do people hate "liberals" so much, when historically speaking, many of the most important rights we are nominally entitled to as citizens only exist because liberals fought for them in the first place?
The last TV show you watched is crossed with the last videogame you played. What is the unholy abomination that has just been created?
What would be the worst post to give an Argentium reward to?
Sluts of Reddit, How did you become one, What's your story?
P-Dub and the story about the money is changing on a daily basis...what do you think reddit?
What’s a song that everyone know but no one knows the name of?
Every single bird in the sky turns into a fridge and falls at this moment. How much destruction does this cause?
If racial preferences aren’t racist, then why do they never apply to white people?
Would you publicly support the organizing of a fully verifiable IQ test for President Trump? Why or Why not?
Reddit, if sold as a sex prostitute, how much do you think you’d be worth?
Time freezes for exactly one day. You are the only person unaffected and can freely wander around and do whatever you like. What do you do in those 24 hours?
Why should people own guns?
Insecure people of reddit, what can your friends/family members do or say to you that make you genuinely feel good about yourself and not "they don't really mean that" or "I'm not good enough for that"?
To people who support same-sex marriage - I'm a polygamist. Do you also support polygamous marriage?
Why do people waste their money on big weddings?  It's seriously stupid.
What's the worst movie you'd watch a 24-hour marathon of for $1 million?
What is one profession where you don’t ever want to hear them genuinely say “oops” on the job?
Girls who have problems with boys being 5’11 and not 6’0, what is your view on the current problems and potential crisis North Korea has to their economy due to the absence of Kim-Jong-Un who is currently vibing in the gulag?
Does pineapple belong on pizza what do you think?
What are some fictional character fights you would love to see happen?
You only get to keep one thing in the attic, what is it?
If a new energy source was discovered and offered free, making oil worthless, what would the real world implications be?
Male redditors of reddit, have you ever shown your best friend your penis. If so why?
People who ran away from home, how did you deal with it?
To those who do it, why do you comment but not upvote on r/AskReddit?
When someone tells you a "man walks into a bar" joke, do you always imagine the same bar? If so what does it look like?
You have died and find that instead of going to heaven, you've only leveled up to Earth 2.0. What are some things that make Earth 2.0 better but not quite heaven?
Former burglars of reddit, where is one place people should never hide valuables?
Jesus Christ is running for president 2020. What are some of Trump's talking points against him?
What is the maximum number of hours you have played in a video game?
As a young female, how can I shake the feeling that being good-looking is the primary thing that males will acknowledge and praise my existence for?
Obese couples of Reddit, how difficult is intercourse? NSFW
People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?
What if people drank human milk instead of cow milk and stay at home moms had like Etsy pages with their homemade artisinal boob milks and boob cheeses?
Simps of Reddit, why?
Cat people of reddit, Why?
[Serious] When did you have a bad gut feeling about something that ended up being proved correct?
Why didn't you pick the career your childhood self wanted?
Satan opens up Heck, a lighter version of Hell. What kind of irritating things happen there?
Do you think feminism has gone too far in the first world? If so, how? If not, why?
Men of Reddit: If when you pulled down your zip it played a song, what song would it be?
What are some decent paying jobs you can get if you were a C student in highschool?
What is the strangest law in your country?
What is a song lyric that really hits you hard?
Charles Fourier wrote a book where he organized 144 kind of cucks. What kind of cuck are you?
Where does a thought go when it's forgotten?
What is the best video game for couples to play?
Nickelodeon just hired you to write the sponge bob finale, what do you do?
What do you think will be the next sex kink to go mainstream?
I found a Macbook Air in a London taxi. Result! Better look for the owner. Wait... what the...
What is your favorite article of clothing?
Dog people of reddit, Why?
What is something that sounds like total BS but is actually true?
Can we keep all the not safe Asks in appropriate SubReddits? The explicit/porn stuff is getting out of control.
What are the best travelling locations you know or even been to, that are beautiful places and yet not very well known or popular (until now)?
Add "dummy thicc" to the title of a book. What is it now?
Forest Gump movie is being rewritten. What would be some of the political events of 21st century he will witness and how can he unwittingly influence them?
Right from *now* your need for sleep is gone. You can now stay awake till your eventual death without any consequences. How would the extra time (that you get from not sleeping) affect your life?
What are some of the best online resources to help grow indoor cannabis plants?
Without saying the name of the movie, what is a movie quote most people would know?
What's the dumbest idea you've heard but still went along with anyways, that ended up going amazingly good?
People of Reddit, do you have Reddit, if so, how?
Replace one word in a movie title with "anal", what do you have?
What was the most porno situation you’ve ever had?
[Serious] What makes you feel lonely?
What do non-Americans think about what is happenning there?
What's a good feature in a girl, that isn't so good in a guy?
People who put the milk before the cereal why?
Dear raped males of reddit, what is your story and how did familie react? [Serious]
Redditors, what is your earliest memory?
People who attend the protests regularly, what do you want the police or goverment to say or do?
My brother and my mom are in a serious relationship. What should I do?
What is the longest you’ve gone without knowing a person’s name?
Is “dude” a gender neutral word? If not, what are some gender neutral alternatives?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen someone do in highschool?
Which one do you prefer? Thanos or Avangers?
[SERIOUS] Female porn starts of Reddit, what are some secrets of porn industry that most of us are not aware?
What are you super nerdy about?
People that have had their house broken into, what's the strangest thing they have stolen/done?
What horror movie do you think you'd easily survive if you were in it?
What tastes so good you can’t believe it’s healthy?
What are some non-sexual things that give orgasmic pleasure/satisfaction ?
People who are hungry, what food are you craving right now?
Trump supporters of Reddit, Why?
Statue of George Washington was just torn down. How do left-wingers still not see the errors of their ways?
Females of reddit, whats it like having a vagina?
If you could travel through time, how will you prevent Donald Trumps rise to power?
When you look at things on a cosmic scale, how can life be worth living when we’re so inconsequential?
What is funnier 69420 or 42069 and why?
What makes you have at least a little faith in humanity?
People who post nudes on Reddit: aren’t you scared that somebody you know may recognize you?
Do you like pineapple on pizza? Why or why not?
What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?
When there's a Taco Bell/Pizza Hut combo restaurant, where they have two logos on the building and signs, but inside it's just one restaurant with a double menu, which brand would you say is the primary one?
What solutions can video game companies implement to deal with the misogyny and racism that is rampant in open chat comms (vs. making it the responsibility of the targeted individual to mute/block)?
What foods are so good you could literally eat them every day and still want more?
How do discrimination laws apply to places like Hooters or Twin Peaks? Could men technically file a complaint for being denied the job?
What do you think about Greta Thunberg?
There is a theory that the descendants of Adam and Eve have been extinct via that big flooding feat. Noah and his Arc because they turned against God. What do you think?
People who honk in traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?
People who have been using COVID-19 as an excuse to not meet up with people who are asking, as lock-down starts ending, what excuses do you have lined up?
People who like orange juice with pulp why?
How strange is for your son to refer to you as a milf?
If a woman dies when giving child birth, can husband press charges on the baby?
People who wear shorts in below 0°F weather, who are you trying to impress?
What's with the US healthcare memes lately?
You get 24 hours to prepare, and you get paid $10,000 to stay in your room for an entire week with no internet/data connection/television. Can't leave. Do you do it? And if so, what do you do in the meantime?
What's the most embarrassing/cringy thing you've accidentally shown someone, or something they accidentally saw while using your phone or computer?
What would happen if your last dream became real?
[Serious] Redditors who were the final people to see a missing person, have they been found? And how has their disappearance affected you?
What name would you choose for yourself if you were the opposite gender?
What bothers you way more than it should?
What sound is fine during the day but terrifying at 3 am?
You wake-up as Donald Trump, what would you do?
[Serious] If you had one minute to convince someone to believe in god, what would you say?
What is in those backpacks that nerdy-looking individuals wear when they go to protests?
People who like blue cheese crumbles on their salads: what is it about the smell of buttholes that you find so appetizing?
What’s an incorrect animal fact that sounds completely true?
You wake up in Kim Jong Un's body. You can speak and understand Korean. Without getting assassinated by your commanders, how do you transition North Korea and its people from an Orwellian state of despair to a prosperous nation so you can then ride your fame to launch your career in music?
If you could be reincarnated into any dinosaur or animal in history what would it be and why?
Sluts of Reddit: When did you realize you were a slut?
To the people who have keyboard clicking sounds on their phone, what’s your reasoning for not turning it off?
You're sent to Brazil with $5,000,000 cash, 30 clowns that will follow your orders, and a liter of orange soda; how would you ruin the world cup?
What is the best reply to "Your gay"?
Who was your sexual awakening?
If mormons don't want to be called mormons why did they create such a long rebranded name?
What is the weirdest you ever put in your ass?
What popular quote do you disagree with and why?
Serious question: Are there any good alternatives to reddit?  I just don't feel like I fit in anymore.
Does O’Doyle rule? Why or why not?
What needs a part three to make it a trilogy?
Why have women's swimsuits become so small while men's have remained huge?
I never thought 15 years ago that I would be watching russian and arab (RT and aljazeera) news instead of western news because they just report lies and corporate propaganda or report nothing at all. So reddit, What things do you do now that can be consider completely "stupid" 15 years ago?
Who is one famous person that you wish had a sex tape available? 
Atheists, help me understand you
Girls, what inappropriate questions about guys have you always wanted answered?
What is the weirdest place with a scar on your body and what is the story behind it?
Cops of reddit, what is your side of the story?
Those who always call instead of text, why?
What the f**k are you supposed to do when having happy birthday sung to you?
Redditors that believe in the coronavirus, how much longer are you willing to wear masks and socially distance?
Your father is now President of the United States of America, what changes can we expect?
Music lovers who went deaf later in life, how do you cope?
To all you religous women... How do you justify protesting against gays when in the bible it says that you women are not to have power over any man?
How much money did you waste on videogames?
What are the most creative pickup lines you’ve ever heard?
People who don’t wear a mask in public, why?
What’s so small uninteresting and utterly insignificant, but your proud of it for that’s what makes you, you?
Women of reddit, why not?
What's the worst thing you've seen someone add ketchup to?
What is a male Karen called?
Veterans of reddit: What, for you, will be the breaking point? We swore an oath to protect the Constitution and the citizens and right now both are being trampled by some Orwellian government. When are we going to say enough is enough?
Gun experts of Reddit, what Sawed-Off means?
Everyone in the United States’s water supply gets spiked with LSD, what happens in the next 24 hours?
If you can’t go out and peacefully protest, how are you contributing to BLM?
If unborn babies could communicate with their mothers before birth, what could one say that would guarantee an abortion?
[Serious] Donald Trump voters- do you stand by your vote and support? How do you feel it's going leading up to Inauguration Day?
What fictional character do you feel bad for the most?
What is the superior ice cream flavour?
If christians (or other) truly believes NON-believers (and others) will end up spending a lifetime in burning hell, Why don’t they do more to enforce their religion upon them?
What would actually happen if 1.2 million people actually stormed Area 51?
Former Flat-Earthers, what made you change your mind?
what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?
What’s the dumbest thing your significant other has said or done?
People with birthmarks, how do you feel about them and what does it remind you of / what does it look like?
What is the most entitled, self-centered Karen you’ve ever met?
Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
What was the most racist thing you've ever encountered?
If your partner is acting strange, it's perfectly reasonable to be inclined to check their phone. So why is phone check-shaming even a thing?
Guys, what do girls do that make you REALLY horny?
People of Reddit you are placed in the Hunger Games and the games start in 10 seconds what do you do to survive?
This question is found by humans 200 years from now. What would you like them to know about this time period?
What's the dumbest idea you've heard but still went along with anyways, that ended up going horribly wrong?
Students of Reddit, what unusual tricks help you while studying, especially when you're trying to cover large amounts of syllabus?
Ladies of Reddit - what is the most sexiest thing an overweight gamer has done that made you immediately want to have sex with him/be his girlfriend?
What can be used as both, a compliment and an insult?
If your life was a book, what is the name of the current chapter?
What's your favourite book you've read and why?
People who post NSFW pics on Reddit, have you even been approached by a "fan", if so how did it go?
Porn stars of Reddit, what was the weirdest thing that you have put up your ass?
What is your favorite night food?
If Australia or any other country went to war with the emus again, what are some things they could do to win this time?
Hey reddit can we cut the bullshit and say that if you go out drinking and you have consensual sex...it is not rape!
People who always upvote why?
People who tear down houses professionally, what are some of the weirdest things you have found?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Straight people of reddit, when did you know you were straight, and how did you come out?
What's the strangest thing that you've been called "gay" for?
People of Reddit, have you made friends here? If so, how?
For Male: How the hell some people manage two girlfriends at a same time?
Why are you breathing manually?
What’s your irrational fear?
Trump supporters of reddit, what line could DT cross, without gaining the support of democrats, to lose your vote in the next election?
What do you do if your family member tells you to wear a bra inside your house because they feel uncomfortable?
What type(s) of voice do you read reddit in?
How would you feel about a law, where people who opt in in donating their organs are prioritised vs people who opt out?
What ACTUALLY controversial opinion do you have? [Serious]
Hey people that had so many ear/headphones in their life, which channel always breaks first and why?
What are some tips for someone with no fighting experience to win in a fight?
Have you ever had a dream so good, that you ended up sad when you woke up? If so, what was it?
[Serious] The Raiders team colors are Black and Silver. If a caucasian were to spirit paint their face in the team's colors, without cultural mockery - simply as a function of showing team pride, what might lead you to then categorize it as blackface? Would you try and publicly out this person?
Which monthly/annual subscription services do you have and recommend?
What's a normal thing that makes you strangely sad?
Kids who sung on Kidz Bop, how was that experience and did you ever put that on a resume?
What do people think when they log on to Fortnite?
[Serious] Redditors who voted for Trump, do you regret your decision? Why or why not?
What's the most generous thing you've done your entire life?
Morning risers of Reddit, how can you manage to wake up so early in the morning without feeling like shit?
How did you feel when you got your first Reddit award?
What was your first pet?
Why do you not like Trump?
What were the sexual education disaster stories from your school?
If life was a video game what would some loading screen tips be?
What do you think is the difference between sex and gender?
NETFLIX should add a porn genre. Agreed?
What is your prized possession?
What are the tell tale signs of Trump Derangement Syndrome and what’s the worst case you’ve seen so far?
Cyclists of Reddit, why do you cycle in the road when there is a cycle path on the pavement (side walk for our US brothers and sisters)?
If scientists invented a teleportation system but the death rate was 1 in 5 million would you use it? Why or why not?
How much makeup is too much?
What happened to reddiquette? Did it die?
What are some villains that would have defeated the heroes if the movie was given a realistic ending ?
Men, what's the best way you'd explain to a woman what it's like to have balls and a penis?
People with weird/obscure jobs, what is your job and how did you get the job?
What do you think about your countries stereotype?
What are red flags in a friendship most people brush away?
What's something you don't realize you have until you lose it?
6th grade history teacher said " *name* gets excited by death" do you have any idea what she could have meant?
[Serious] How much do you think your life is worth?
Let’s keep it simple, what is your favourite colour?
[Serious] what are signs of emotional abuse in a long distance relationship?
[serious] What would make a 12 year old bite himself when excited?
What's the best kept secret on the Internet?
If your life was a musical, what would be one of the song titles?
What is something that is cringe unless you're a pro?
Ex-atheists, what made you start believing in God/a religion again?
What is an unexplainable memory from your childhood?
What is something everyone can agree is a dick move?
In honor of international women's day, who's your favorite pornstar?
Construction workers of reddit what was the worst thing you ever had to build ?
Important news about the future of AskReddit #1
What are some things that continue to work even when broken?
What’s one time you were scared of the police?
Before you knew what actually happened when people had sex what did you think people were doing under the sheets in movies and other things that showed scenes depicting people doing so?
What sex (male, female, non binary, etc) should robots identify as?
Ex Cons of Reddit, what was your crime and backstory, did you deserve your sentence?
People that don't support Bernie, why?
How do you feel about a prison system where only violent offenders are held physically but any other offender is on probation with mandatory therapy and necessary resources?
Vegans/vegetarians of reddit, if it was scientifically proven that plants had feelings and felt pain, what would you do?
Cops of reddit: why haven’t you quit yet?
What is the battery percentage of your gadget right now?
What has been the best decision that you've ever made?
Has anyone ever noticed, when something good happens, something equally bad will follow?
What is your opinion about this sub having so many rules while it’s full of the same questions like “when did you first had sex” and “what would you do if you were the opposite gender”?
What are some NOT fun facts?
How do you square #metoo with Karen-ism?
Hey reddit, what's the most badass you've ever been?
People of Reddit over 21 years of age that don't drink alcoholic beverages. What is your reasoning?
What's the most fucked up thing your friends did to you?
People who've changed town for school or work, how did you manage leaving your closest people behind ?
Actors and Actresses, what is filming a sex scene like ?
Is it possible for this post to make it to the front page without any comment replies?
People who have good manners, what make you angry ?
Through technology, men can now choose to carry and give birth to the child, however they must squeeze the baby through their penis. How would the arguments between couples go now that there is a choice to who carries the baby?
If Conservatives are so sure Trump won the election fair &amp; square, why are they so afraid of a recount?
People who like "The Big Bang Theory," WHY?
What is the most ridiculous thing Trump has said?
People in relationships, what does your S/O do that always makes you smile?
Non drinkers of Reddit, what do you tell people when they ask "why don't you drink"?
What is one thing you will never, ever do?
Americans who are not going outside even with your state opening up recently. How hard is it now staying inside as you watch people go about like things are normal?
People with 1000 karmas what did you do to get it ?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done for money?
Women/Girls of Reddit, do you notice our awkward boners during dancing, cuddling, etc? How do you feel about them?
Bat soup eaters, have you learned a valuable lesson? If so, what?
When was the first time you had an orgasm?
Gamers of Reddit, what was your very first video game memory?
What is the worst job to have in 2020?
Do you sleep naked, why or why not?
What’s one moment you would consider the highest and lowest point in your life to date?
What’s something you will never tell your partner about?
[SERIOUS] Former missing persons, what’s your story?
What is your favorite quote from the Star Wars?
My married 32yo coworker (who works two jobs, one at a school as an IT officer, and one with my company) sent me (17 year old female) unwanted photos of his penis and sexually harassed me in person, via text messages and videos. Is it worth it taking this f*cker down?
What is the best alcohol you've ever had?
Satan opens up “heck” a lighter version of hell. What tortures are in it ?
What is the best quote your parent/teacher/role model has ever said to you?
High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
I just recently moved to the USA and Black Friday is in two days and I don't know one black person to celebrate with. How do I meet black people and how do they celebrate Black Friday? 
If you could receive one physical gift of any value, what would it be?  It has to actually exist; no lightsabers or Iron Man suits.
What’s a good Wi-Fi name?
Apparently it’s claimed that CHAZ is peaceful? In what way?
Dear Reddit, whats with the ads?
What are some must songs for a 1990-1999 alternative rock playlist?
Hey reddit, how are you actually coping today?
How is your social life doing with the pandemic going on?
What YouTube channel is great to binge?
Beautiful people, what do you regret the most from the pre-COVID world?
If you could wipe any music genre from existence in order to eradicate covid-19, what will humanity never be listening to again?
What movie did you start watching then said "Fuck this, I'm not finishing this"?
The US Presidential race has slowly devolved into very mild one-ups. What can Joe Biden do to one-up Donald Trump drinking water with one hand?
Children of " I want to talk to your manager" parents, what has been your most embarassing experience?
What is something every virgin should know about sex?
My girlfriend cheated on me, and when people ask why I broke up with her, I tell them. Is that wrong/vindictive of me?
I was fired from my job for masturbating, feel like shit, how the FUCK do I get past this?
When you comment on an AskReddit thread, why don't you also upvote it?
If the entire population of the USA were to move to Canada, and the entire population of Canada moved to the USA, governments too, what would be the biggest changes, good and bad?
Why should we be worried about the future?
If you had the entire world's attention for 30 seconds, what would you say?
Who is the one celebrity that is least likely to be accused of sexual assault?
What’s your favorite color of the alphabet, true or false?
What are things that people do that triggers your OCD?
Instead storming Area 51, why don't yall storm the camps at the border?
What makes a Simp a Simp?
Every “#1 Dad” mug now changes everyday to show the actual rankings of Dads around the world. Why does YOUR Dad deserve the #1 spot?
Which are the weirdest places you masturbated in?
What animal should we try to milk next?
If Jesus came from the Middle East 2,000 years ago why is he depicted as a white man?
Redditors that are unhappy with Trump president, why?
What are the weirdest things you’ve shoved up your ass?
What YouTube channel do you watch when you want to learn something?
What is a book that made you laugh out loud?
How does someone politely end a conversation with a person who won't stop talking?
What’s a movie you love but critics seem to hate?
Gen z kids, what about millennials do you dislike exactly?
Americans i'm confused.  You teach kids not to accept sweets from strangers, but for 1 day a year encourage them to knock on every strangers door asking for them?  WTF?
If Trump was running against Trump, what would he tweet about his opponent?
What is the meaning of life?
What's a good website to waste a whole night on?
The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
Has anyone ever given a "nice guy" a chance after they've thrown a tantrum because you didn't let them treat you like a queen? And if you did, how did it work out?
If you got kicked out of your house and didn’t have anywhere to go but you did have a car, where could you park it to sleep overnight that wouldn’t get disturbed by police/people?
What’s your favorite beer?
If your reddit username would predict the way you die, how will it happen?
I'm prepared for the downvotes, but why is a $2.5 billion unmanned flight to mars a good use of government money given the current state of the union?
What are straight up facts people won't swallow?
What's the most racist joke you have heard?
What "healthy" food is actually way more unhealthy than most people think?
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
What’s you opinion of classical music?
[Serious]What are the things your parents have done to you which you wouldn't do to your child?
Why do none of you realize that "herp derp" is essentially Carlos Mencia's atrocious "Dee dee dee" garbage?
Why are you a furry?
The doctor says you have 4 minutes and 50 seconds to live. What Youtube video do you watch?
Who needs a compliment tonight?
To people who work in supermarkets and the like, what experience got you the closest to assaulting a rude/aggressive customer?
What do you regret most in your life?
What is the best insult you’ve ever heard?
What are some of the best lines in video game history?
Upvotes now grant orgasms to the person who gets them. How does this change the world?
How would you feel about at least one presidential primary debate being replaced with a history/civics themed contest of Jeopardy between the candidates?
People who were on Santa’s bad list during Christmas what was it like and what did you get?
What did you loose during this pandemic??
Cat owners of Reddit, what are common mannerisms for a cat that screams low self confidence?
Was there a time where you realized it was a small world after all?
People who sleep on their bellies, why?
What is something super important that is on the verge of happening?
[SERIOUS] Police Officers of Reddit, What do you think of the recent riots? Have you been involved in them in any way? What did you do in them?
You just won the lottery for $1,000,000. What do you spend it on?
In 2019, Pornhub released statistics that showed step porn is trending downwards worldwide, but hentai is rising, especially in Russia. How can we use this information to foster world peace?
Which animal has the best life?
People who can fall asleep within 8 seconds of their head hitting their pillow: how the fuck do you fall asleep within 8 seconds of your head hitting your pillow?
(Serious) which side job/hustle/business is surprisingly well paying?
How can a swallow carry a coconut?
What’s something actually positive that’s happening in 2020?
Why do American say "I could care less" as opposed to "I couldn't care less"? It doesn't make any sense.
LGBTQ+ of reddit, how did someone try to ‘relate’ or ‘show support’ to you, in a way that was actually insulting/offensive?
Non-Americans, why do you still think Americans think America is the greatest country in the world? And what Americans have you spoken to?
Paranormal believers of reddit, what made you believe? (Serious)
Parents of Reddit, what has your child done for you that was so wholesome you nearly cried?
How could 2020 possibly get worse?
What is actual American traditional food that does not contain cheese??
What is the most fascinating fact or statistic you know about the human body?
If a law passed requiring an iq/lifeskills test in order to procreate would you vote for it?
[Serious]Have you ever known someone who wholeheartedly believed that they were wolfkin/a vampire/an elf/had special powers, and couldn't handle the reality that they weren't when confronted? What happened to them?
You have 5 seconds to ruin a date. What do you do?
You can control every person's dream on earth for one night only. What do you do?
People who have worked on movie/TV show sets, where did the baby (from the show) come from?
If one day your genital swapped to the opposite gender's and you're still yourself, same gender just with different genital, what would you do?
AskReddit Geniuses of Reddit, what question is guaranteed to go to the Front Page?
Would you support a mandatory environmental service for adults 18 - 30 ? Kind of like military service but instead of fighting you must spend a few months on reforestation projects or ocean cleanup ? Why or why not ?
If “OK Boomer” was a digital assistant like “OK Google” what sorts of answers would it give you to certain questions?
You can now control bones like magneto controlled iron. What are you going to do?
Redditors of r/askreddit, what is a good reason to give an award, and is this question good enough for an award?
Ladies, just like leggings can very easily attract a guys attention, what is something guys wear that will attract your attention?
What is something perfectly legal that feels illegal?
What personality trait do you guys hate the most in another person ?
What song are you listening to right now?
Why did you join Reddit?
Isn’t it crazy how you can trick the Reddit got into thinking you made a question, even though there is no question, just by putting a few key words and ending it in a question mark? Why?
What was your biggest "shit, no going back now" moment?
What is your best "sorry wrong number." moment?
People who have racist family members who don’t realize they are how do you deal with it?
How do you do, fellow kids?
Redditors who dated or are currently engaged with a pornstar/e-girl/e-boy/cam streamer, what's something your partner does for views but absolutely does not enjoy and is off limits?
What are the results of the 11/3/20 USA presidential elections?
Parents who knock on their kids' doors and then immediately open it anyway, what's your thought process?
How is this Jay Leno/Conan battle any different than the celebrity gossip Redditors proudly despise?
Actresses what was running through your mind when you felt his boner during sex scene?
How would you feel about mandatory 2-year military service for all abled young adults in the US?
What are girls made of?
At what age did you hit your peak?
LGBTQ+ redditors, what is your coming out story, how old were you?
At what moment did you stop caring about a tv show you used to watch and why?
What's the most fascinating thing you've ever seen?
Which strange facts/phenomen can‘t even scientists describe properly?
Who's the worst rapper you've ever heard?
What is one fact you know that will make other people respond with “and why the f**k do you know that?”
Would you (if you're a US Citizen) support mandatory drug testing to get Medicare / Medicaid and Food Stamps?
If a virus killed everyone on earth except registered reddit users, what would society look like in 5 years?
People who download porn, where do u hide it on your pc/mobile?
Forget remaking animated movies into live action, what movie would you want to have an animated makeover?
Dear Americans, the statue of George Washington has been torn down and your founding fathers are being trampled on. How do you feel about it?
Why is this site so self righteous? You have to meet so many conditions to post so much as an opinion or meme it's ridiculous. Most of it is recycled Facebook/Instagram stuff anyway?
Satan opens up a lighter version of Hell called 'Heck'. What kinds of torture are in it?
Why the hell is there no Willy Wonka default dance gif?
Reposters of Reddit, what are your most successful reposts and were you knowingly reposting?
Hey aliens of reddit, what is it like inside of Area 51?
Nice, single, employed, heterosexual men, who don't spend all your free time on gaming, anime, porn, or killing, where are you?
What are some steps you have taken to start pulling yourself out of a dark mental state?
Is it okay to shower once a year?
How 'Up-Votable' are you?
What’s a delicious cheap meal that you love eating?
What do you think about the Men’s Rights Movement?
What is the opposite of a KAREN? What name can we use as ubiquitous term for women’s good deeds ?
What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
[Serious] what are your stories of positive interactions with law enforcement?
How do you feel about the BLM activists that are trashing historical statues and monuments, especially Churchill's and Ghandi's statues?
Lurkers of Reddit, why do you lurk?
If your name is where you were conceived, what's your name?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what have been the most interesting cases of racism you’ve been involved in?
For those of you still voluntarily sheltering in place, what's your endgame?
If you put a milkshake in one yard and crack a cold one in another yard, which yard would the boys go to?
What golden nugget of information do you have to share?
If having sex was a video game, what would some of the loading screen tips be?
People who live near the places shown in "Diners, Drive in and Dives", what is your opinion about those places?
Why say "black lives matter" instead of saying something like "racism is crime", "color doesn't matter"?
What's a problem of yours that would be solved if someone just gave you $5000?
You get a million dollars but once a month for a year, you have to appear in court for jury duty and sit and wait for at least four hours only to not get picked. And you can't take your phone nor read anything while you wait. Would you do it, why/why not?
[Serious] Fans who have been engrossed in a fictional universe so much you could probably earn a degree about it, what plot holes, logical inconsistencies, and the like cannot be reconciled and bother you to no end?
What movie would be better if it didn't have a happy ending?
What do you remember hating the most being a child?
Blind people who have tried psychedelics, what was your experience like?
What is the reason girls are so overrated?
[Serious] How do you choose who to vote for if both candidates have certifiably lost their minds?
(NSFW) How did you lose your virginity?
What’s the WORST sex advice you can give to a First-Timer?
What would you do if you magically turned back into a preschooler, and got to spend a week with Angelica Pickles?
what are the criteria for claiming to be a "Redditor"?
[Serious] If someone confessed to you they are running away from an abusive family, what would you tell them?
Reddit, if you believe government should pay for your education why don't you join the military and get the GI Bill?
Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old
Maybe Area 51 is a bit too large scale. What smaller places would you like to storm?
what is having a penis??
What's the coolest thing you own?
What's your opinion on furries?
What's a quirk about your pet that you love?
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU has been banned?! 
[Serious] Whats the creepiest/scariest thing that you've seen but no one believes you?
Having ginner at a friend's home, what the most awkward thing that has happened?
If you can make the person you hate the most orgasm at the sight of anything, what would it be?
What are some shocking movie facts that sound fake, but is actually 100% true?
What is the most genius marketing strategy you’ve seen?
Reddit, if every male orgasm ever shot left a permanent trail through the air where it's flight path was, where would be the most interesting place to see or the most interesting thing to come from it?
Zookeepers of Reddit, how are the animals acting differently now that there are no visitors to the zoo?
LGBTQ+ people of Reddit, what is something straight people do that they don't realize is offensive?
What is the cringiest thing you have ever seen someone doing?
What’s the worst thing that’s happened to you in the last 24 hours?
What is the nicest compliment you could give someone?
At what age did you run out of grandparents?
If a person ingests weed and then farts, would the people who smell it get high?
What phrase do you hate hearing?
Have you ever had a personal (not necessarily sexual) experience with a celebrity? Who was it, what was it, how did you feel about it then and how do you feel about it now?
Girls of reddit : what messed up random items did you try to stick into your vagina?
Parents who have disowned or genuinely stopped loving your child - what happened?
You are a burglar, but instead of stealing things, you leave something completely random. What do you leave that will leave the homeowner(s) confused for decades on end?
When will Americans realize that you are your own worst enemy alongside social media?
Whats the most trivial thing you miss about your childhood?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
How come american adults are obsessed with teen actress Millie Bobbie Brown?
[serious] What credible information has been uncovered regarding the origins, funding, and command structure of Trump’s unmarked “private army” that was loitering around DC during the demonstrations a couple weeks ago?
Is sexual orientation a choice, gene, or what?
What's a phrase only your fandom will understand?
You is what go pain but is strong sometime strong is weak not everytime weak. What is pain you would strong and not weak sometime or weak when only few time but end strong strong weak weak?
Where can you get kyoshi comics for free?
What’s the difference between regular you and horny you ?
What’s something you could say to both the president and a pornstar?
What’s the worst thing you’ve accidentally said in the heat of the moment?
Have you ever blamed your parents for making you exist in this world? If so, what makes you blame them?
What is an extremely unlikely way for the world to end?
How do your parents brag about childhood struggles?
Why are vegans such dicks about their philosophy?
For those who have switched from gas powered to electric or a hybrid vehicle what has been the biggest change in your day to day life or your road trips?
What are some useful facts to survive in certain situations?
What gameboy game do you want people to try atleast once?
What screams "I have zero self confidence" ?
Is America the best country in the world? What’s your opinion?
So is nobody gonna do anything to stop people from tearing down statues of American history? Is the police going to just pretend no public property being destroyed and let people get away with destroying statues of important people in American history or what?
You are offered $1,000,000 USD if you can hide a pair of car keys from the entirety of the FBI force for 7 days. Where do you hide the keys?
What kind of farts are your favorite?
Men of reddit, what's something important you think woman don't understand about being a man?
What moment made you realize that you are not a kid anymore?
People who live(d) in Florida- what’s the craziest “Florida Man” story you have been a part of?
Organized Religion is Holding Back the Entire Human Race from Realizing Our Full Potential.  Agree or Disagree?
6'0" is equal to 185cm, and that's like, a lot; so how did the "girl who only dates 6'0" guys" stereotype even come to be, considering how small of a pool it is? Are Americans huge or is the stereotype purposely exaggerated?
Has anyone noticed there are a shit-ton of upvotes going around? 
Dog owners, what's a good advice to give to a guy who never had one and is about to have one?
What would be a funny introduction line for Chris Hansen?
People who say u instead of you, what do you do with your saved time?
If Jesus was alive today how would Republicans treat him?
At what age did u lose your virginity?
If you had to confess the most embarrassing thing you've ever done, what would it be?
What's an item commonly used today that will be considered completely obsolete in 20 years?
People that murder and eat vegetables, how can you sleep at night?
Republicans of reddit who will be voting for Trump in spite of all that has happened, what has kept you supporting him?
What’s a real life example of “You either day a hero or live long enough to become the villain”?
What's your creepiest "glitch in the matrix" or unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
Redditors, what's one thing you absolutely hate about Reddit?
A crazy professor invites you to test his latest invention: a human to animal transformator, which tranforms you for 24h into a animal of your choice. What would it be and why?
If the penis in called that because that is where the pee comes from, why isn't the butthole called the poonis?
Do you think Barrack Obama is the best president of the United States or is it someone else? Why?
What’s the most annoying double standard?
What would happen if Keanu Reeves was president?
What won't be a thing in the near future?
Redditors with racist/homophobic/etc family, why do you choose to keep or lose contact?
Joe Biden Supporters: Why?
You just got an offer for $600k... but to collect it you gotta have sex with the main character of the last video game you played. Who will it be?
You wake up tomorrow and the simulation resets to 12/12/12, but you (and only you) have all of the knowledge and information that you've acquired since. What's the first thing you do?
You get to give your genitals a personal, unique name. What is it, and what's the story behind it?
What great movie would've been even better without an overly annoying comic relief character?
What music artist that you absolutely love but wont recommend to a friend?
Is telling a woman that her boobs look fake a compliment to them? Why?
What’s almost too easy?
What quote from history has had an effect on your life?
People that don't comment but they upvote posts, why?
Men of reddit, what myth about men is 100% untrue and infuriates you when you hear it?
Redditors of the night, what keeps you awake?
Non drinking college student here, why do college students think it's okay to "get fucked up" pretty much every weekend when such an attitude in a working adult would probably be alcoholism?
The Egyptians said that you die a second time once your name is last uttered. Who will live the longest?
Grab whatever book is closest to you and flip to page 69. The first full sentence describes your sex life. How did it go?
What do you call someone that doesn't believe in religion but believes in god?
What's the biggest life lesson your 20s taught you?
If you could describe love with one song what would it be?
Weird kids of reddit, what made you the "Weird Kid"?
What is your phone wallpaper?
What can you say both at the dinner table and during sex ?
What if dinosaurs were still alive?
What does a very much lacky3 not so much always but so much spam pomagranet?
You are suddenly teleported to a Ted talk stage in front of thousands of people, what do you do?
I am an Australian. I think that allowing anyone to own guns is stupid. Reddit, why do so many Americans think otherwise?
For 60 seconds your voice is broadcasted to the world. No one will know where the sound is coming from, nor who said it. What do you say, and what reaction are you expecting to get from what you say?
What would be your “final form”?
Non boomers only. What is the most boomer thing to say?
Which movie would be a lot shorter if the main characters were able to communicate effectively?
Boys, do you prefer female or male friends? And what was easier for you?
If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
What is the most memoriable gift to give to fathers, something simple yet exculsive and meaningful?
What videogame function do you wish you had in real life?
What video game title would make a good name for a dildo?
Have you ever written a letter to a prisoner? If so, why?
What happened to trolling? When did the Internet become so goddamn fkn positive all the time??
In 2019, a teacher was found guilty of having sex with a student in Olathe, Kansas, and was only sentenced to 10 days in prison. What is the reasoning for a judge to find the punishment to be adequate?
UPDATE - I am the father and redditor whose teenage son sodomized our family dog Colby. It's been two months since the latest incident and my family is falling apart. More inside. 
What’s your favorite thing about yourself? Body, personality, anything. What gives you self love?
When did your feeling about "Something is very wrong here." turned out to be true?
What's a sensation that you're unsure if other people experience?
People who voted for Trump in 2016 but won’t be in 2020, what made you change your mind?
What did you think about the PS5 design?
Men of Reddit how would you describe the pain of a Hit in the balls?
What’s one thing you wish you had learned as a child?
Who are some beautiful redhead celebrities?
What’s something people do that doesn’t break any laws but breaks the “laws” of common courtesy?
Redditors of reddit who use reddit, why are you on reddit?
When did you encounter a “wolf” in sheep’s clothing?
What positive effect has Coronavirus/quarantine had on your life?
If pride is one of the deadly sins and it has a month then what about the 6 other sins?
Those who like Donald Trump, why?
Men liking boobs because they're a sign of fertility is understandable but why do they like to squeeze and suck on them?
What is the largest subreddit?
People who are answering this question from a throwaway account, why are you throwing away your account?
"Everyone needs 3 hobbies: one to keep you creative, one to keep you in shape, and one to make you money." What are yours?
How would reddit feel about a no memes day?
What’s the best way you’ve ever deflected an insult?
People who have been on reality tv (super nanny, beyond scared straight ect.) What was it like and did it work ?
america is canceled. where do you move?
People who no longer support Donald Trump, what changed your mind?
What makes absolutely 0% sense to you?
When was gravity invented?
“There is a new restaurant called Karma. It doesn’t have a menu. You just get what you deserve.” - so what are you getting?
What movie went from 0-100 really quick?
In a fight of us vs them....are you us? Or them? Why?
Who is Sith Rogen?
What's the best purchase you've ever made?
People who have signed NDAs that have now expired or for whatever reason are no longer valid. What couldn't you tell us but now can?
(NSFW) People of Reddit who have gone to prison or jail, which person in there did you feel the most sorry for? Why?
I asked my 3yo daughter if she remembers being born... and she said yes
What are some 'not fun facts'?
What are your three favorite fruits?
A genie pops out of a lamp and says that he will immediately impart a bachelor's degree's worth of knowledge to every adult in your country; you need only say which bachelor's degree they should receive. Which do you choose, and why?
You have the Infinity Gauntlet with six Infinity Stones (Space, Reality, Power, Mind, Time, and Soul) and can change anything about our universe by snapping. You can only snap once in this scenario. What changes would your only snap make?
Redditors, if you had a death note, who's name will you write in it and why?
After finding the cure for covid-19, how can the Karens be cured?
What are some alternatives to reddit that are more tolerant of people voicing different opinions?
You are given the chance to inherit the perfect body. No chronic pain, no mental illness, perfect weight, etc. However, you develop severe schizophrenia. Would you do it?
[Serious] Do girls prefer guys who do not masturbate?
Your girlfriend/wife &amp; your mother had their consciousness swapped with each other. You have to have sex with one of them. Which one would it be &amp; why?
What's the nicest thing anyone has done for you that you didn't know at the time?
Sorry but whats the song on yt everyone has been talking about being a softcore porn?
[Serious] Ex-Trump supporters, what made you stop supporting him?
What would you change about the U.S election system?
What’s the best subreddit to sort by ‘controversial’?
People who actually had sex with step-siblings, why?
In America, names like John and Mary are known as common names. What are the "John" and "Mary" names of other countries?
What was the most successful prank you’ve ever pulled?
What do you consider the most noble/respectable career?
what's the first thing you would do after lockdown?
What is your favorite kebab and why?
[Serious] Transgender people of Reddit, what's something you'd like other people to know?
What is an odd behaviour of yours you think only you do?
What jumpscare from FNAF games that gave you nightmares? What happened after that?
Americans supporting the Trump immigration ban, how and why did your ancestors immigrate here?
LGBT folks... how are y'all holding up this fine pride?
Fans and nine fans of Disney Star Wars what is your opinion on the piece of shit called the sequels?
What show have you been watching lately?
Who’s most handsome player in Football?
People sentenced in the 80s-2000s what modern world change shocked you the most?
Latinos for Trump, what is your reason for supporting Trump when he and his constituents speak negatively about you?
What is one thing your friends/family hate about you but you're unwilling to change?
Americans of reddit , would you like to switch to metric ? Why or why not ?
Why do some posts have a • where the number of upvotes-downvotes is usually at?
What is it like having discussions with BLM activists online?
College students, how do you think classes will change for the fall?
What will you do if you became invisible for a day?
What is something that only Redditors know?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What Are Some Challenges You Think The Next Generation Will Face? Why?
Why has god abandoned us?
recently your daughter constantly go to dangerous places at night, lure some victim (horny men) to harass her, and then kill them almost everyday with excuse of self defense, 21 people are dead by her hand already, what do you think? what would you do?
Should men receive paternal leave with the same pay and duration as women receive with maternal leave, why or why not?
Women of reddit, what is something a guy does for you that will make you want to shed your clothes?
Which religion is your favorite in terms of creativity?
If you had access to Trump's Twitter account and could only post one emoji to cause the most havoc, what would you post?
What is the best question to break a 10 year old's mind?
What did the popular kid at your school do to go from cool to an absolute outcast?
You’ve woken up to see the world has been overrun by zombies.What’s your first move?
What is one of your favorite movie soundtracks?
Veterinarians - what’s the strangest name for a pet you’ve seen?
Dudes of Reddit (or females with penises) what is something you will NEVER stick your dick in?
What’s a fancy and polite way of saying ‘GTFO’?
Amish people of Reddit. What is it like without technology?
Are you offended by the saying all "all lives matter" and if so why?
You’re walking outside and bam, you’re jumped by 50 cats, some clinging to your face, others your body etc, what’s your plan?
you are teleported into a game of your choice for a month, if you die in the game you die in real life BUT Whatever you collect in the game you can keep in real life. (skils, magic, items, pets, clothes) what game do you pick?
What is the most painful thing that ever happened to you?
What unsolved mystery has no plausible explanation?
What do you do when you start to miss somebody who is dead?
for people who had sex with their teachers how did y’all reach that point?
If you woke up one morning as the opposite sex, what 's the first thing you would do?
Former Trump supporters, what was the last straw?
How do you argue with someone who keeps repeating the same phrases and half sentences over and over again without really listening to what you say?
Tomorrow you wake up to find yourself in the year 2005. You are your younger self at this period in time, but you have all the knowledge of the skills you learned as well as the events that happen over the next decade and a half. What is your course of action?
Suicide Prevention Megathread
Your girlfriend and mom switch bodies. The only way to switch them back is to have sex with one of them. What do you do?
What is the most useful Windows keyboard shortcut you think everyone should know?
What is something you did/do and were afraid to tell anyone because you thought it was strange but turned out to be normal?
What won't be acceptable in 100 years?
What are some of the coolest coincidences in history?
Hey, hivemind...how come so many of us are quick to jump on the don't bully bandwagon...but just as quick to say nasty things about Rebecca Black?
Former homeless people of reddit, what can we do to help homeless people the most?
You entire account is your future Gf/Bf, what is it?
What's the best or funniest name for a dog you've ever come across?
Which Celebrity has the most underrated legs?
What was the worst thing that you did/said while being angry?
Teachers of Reddit: What is the most disgusting conversation u overheard at school?
Whats acceptable to have to explain to a child, but unacceptable to have to explain to a adult?
Hi, how are you?
What has the pandemic taught you about yourself?
People who actually cheated on their loved one. What was the reason?
What is the best way to preserve the smell of a fart so that Dad can smell it when he gets home from work tonight?
Redditors who accidentally revealed their real identity, what happened?
Can one bad romantic relationship early on in life put you off them for life - why or why not?
What could you spend all day talking about?
What is the best response to the question "How are you still single"?
Reddit, what's your motto to get you through tough times?
What’s that one cringe-inducing memory from years ago that you can’t get out of your head?
People of Reddit, what kind of posts do you upvote?
[Serious] What’s a common “life pro-tip” that is actually BAD advice?
Black Americans of Reddit, have you ever been discriminated against by an officer because of the color of your skin? If so, what's your story?
What do you hate about your country?
Men of reddit is it better to be top or bottom when dating a girl?
Would you do something mildly inconvenient for $2.6 billion? Why or why not?
Who are the worst YouTubers?
Would cancel culture want to cancel a white autistic book author if he feels less privileged than people who are not autistic (ignoring white privilege)?
[Serious] People with sugar moms/dads, what's the experience like?
Ex trump supporters, what was the last straw?
What song is 10/10, yet hardly anyone has heard of it?
What if as an alternative to paying a ticket, you could have a bowling ball thrown at your nuts instead?
What do blind people experience whilst on hallucinogenic drugs?
What videogame has the best story?
What is your favourite healthy snack?
What single letter can you remove from a movie to turn it into a porno?
Bank tellers of reddit: What is your plan if someone sends bees through the tube?
How many Gummy Worms can you fit in your ass?
What should the US government do about “CHAZ”?
Why do you hate Donald Trump?
To the people who pour the milk before adding cereal, why?
People who had sex with their teacher, why?
What is the most humane pet to keep?
People with Anxiety, What’s your method to calm down?
What's the dumbest idea you've heard but still went along with anyways to impress someone?
What ruined Christmas this year?
People who voted for Trump in 2016 but are intending to vote for someone else in 2020 what made you change your mind?
What is a movie you find terrible but critics seem to love?
Imagine you find your dick twin (same size and shape and color and shit), what do you guys do? How's your relationship? How do you celebrate that?
What makes arson okay during the protests?
Who is someone you misunderstood your whole life? What was your first impression of them?
You're on your way to an interview, and you have a mutual altercation with someone on the road. The same guy ends up being your interviewer. What do you do?
Without using numbers how old are you?
Cats or Dogs? Why?
Hey reddit what is the reason for not commenting but upvoting?
What did you hate as a child and now love as a adult?
Who’s the biggest asshole in history?
Girls, how did you react when you found out you were a squirter?
What’s something that gets an unnecessary amount of hate?
What is the greatest design fuck up of the human body?
What if? your glass dildo breaks when it's up there?
Why do some people still think that birds are real?
What's your favourite piece of art that most people haven't seen?
Columbine happened 20 years ago today. Redditors that were in High School at the time, what was the ensuing week like?
How old were you when you realized that Calendar is not spelt as Calender 😁?
People who haven’t been working during corona lockdown, what have you been doing with your time?
As a non-American who is appalled and disturbed by what is happening in the US right now, what could we do that will genuinely help?
Nixon had Watergate; What should the current Trump/Ukraine crisis be called?
People who died: Was it worth it? Is being dead good for your health?
What's the one thing you cannot live without?
You get 10M dollars if you shove something up your ass. What is it?
What's a real life glitch that you have experienced?
A new religion has YOU as the god. What are some aspects that define this religion?
What would you do if after 9 months your wife is finally delivering your first born child in the hospital and when the doctor reveals your baby to you its a "Yahaha! You found me!"?
You are suddenly shifted 2 feet to the realm of unoriginal questions. What do you find yourself asking?
Can we have the regular alien back?
[Serious] What can one person, in small town America, do to combat systemic racism?
Which book should a depressed person absolutely have to read?
Students who snitch on other students for things like cheating on an exam, why do you do it?
Police Officers of Reddit, how are you doing right now physically and emotionally?
You have 6 hours to hide a pair of socks. After these 6 hours, the goverment of your country will try to find it. If they don't find the socks within 7 days, you win 1,000,000,000$ (or your countries equivilent) What is your plan and how will you spend the money if you win?
Lesbians of reddit, have you slept with a guy? How it felt like?
What's your memorable moment in life that makes you happy?
Dear Trump voters why are you voting for him?
Reddit, I've been scammed by a friend, what should I do for payback?
Redditors, what is the strangest thing that made you cry like crazy?
[Serious] People who got into serious trouble for being blamed for something you didn't do. What happened?
What do the voices tell you?
McDonald's discontinues the Happy Meal and intruduces the Angry Meal. What kind of food and toys are in it?
Dear Karens and Kyles of reddit, how has your life changed since your name became a meme?
Can we please stop with the creepyness towards women?
If you could assume any role in any fictional universe, what would you chose and why?
If you could get into a manga or anime, what would it be?
It's January 20, 2021. Having won the election in a landslide, Joe Biden is inaugurated as the 46th POTUS. Donald Trump has decried the election results as a "Democrat hoax", declared the election invalid, and refused to vacate the White House. What happens next, Reddit?
How do you think the world will look in 50-100 years?
You are lying in the grass, looking at the stars, headphones in. What song do you play?
Guys of reddit, how does it feel like having a boner?
Sock fuckers of reddit what is your reason for doing it (not serious replys only)?
[Serious] What new jobs/industries can we create to work from home and keep the economy stimulated during these difficult times?
What are some stupid mentalities and mindsets that need to end?
Adults who play Roblox, why?
What do girl's butts smell like?
What are some of the most interesting 24/7 live-streaming webcams to watch from around the world?
What sentence can be completely normal if said in one place, but is really NOT ok if said in another?
What was the worst thing you experienced online?
If Americans hate trump so much why is he the president?
Why are you scrolling through New?
[NSFW] What are some jokes so dark that police would brutalize them?
Which Impractical Joker is the most fuckable?
If you drink a 12 pack of beer every day for a month, and keep your job, you get a million dollars. What's your strategy?
What news would you tell someone, who has been in a coma for a month?
If You Found Out That the Population Was Being Remotely Mass Mind-Controlled via Electromagnetic Radiation Weapons (Dictating Thoughts and Behavior), How Would You Try and Save the World?
What flaw do you accept about your significant other that would be a deal breaker for many?
Lurkers of reddit, why you no comment?
Users who upvote questions but don’t answer them: Why?
What are the spookiest audio or video clips on the internet?
What is your favourite alcoholic or non-alcoholic beverage?
“Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government.” What do you think of this quote?
What think about police finding other missing people they have an incentive to find, like a police chief’s daughter?
People who actually read software terms and conditions, what is the creepiest thing you ever found buried in there?
Your username describes your sex life. How's that going for you?
What subreddits have you unsubscribed? [serious]
What should there never be a sequel to and why?
Why are you sorting by new?
Add 'In my ass' to the end of any song title/band name. What are the results?
What is the male equivalent of a Karen?
Revenge of the Sith (2005) is rated PG-13, meaning it’s allowed to use one F-bomb. Where in the movie would you put it?
How would you feel about a law requiring parents that receive child support to supply the court with proof of how the child support money is being spent?
Ya know when there’s this cute guy at work but he’s on the psych ward?
It's July 2020 and the zombie apocalypse is happening, how do you guarantee your survival?
Fat people of Reddit, why you so fat?
Hey cops who have been undercover. What's the craziest thing you saw happen whilst undercover?
What single message do you want to give before you leave your life?
What's a question so stupid it gets more complex the more you think about it?
Do Mentally Handicapped People Have an "R-Word Pass? Why or Why Not?
The 2010's decade will be over in 4 months. What do you think people will remember this decade for?
People that grew up in areas known for gang activity and managed to avoid joining. How was life growing up and what challenges did you face?
What was your best birthday party?
People who have had sex with a family member, what was it like? Would you do it again?
Men of Reddit, what female celebrity's appearance is highly exaggerated?
What is something other people do that bothers you?
If humans lived to be 500 years old, what hobbies would you get around to getting good at?
When will it be safe to have a different opinion again?
How did you come up with your Reddit username?
Government employees that voted for trump, what are your current thoughts about him as president?
When did being fat become anything but a choice? 
Non-Americans, which countries in your opinion are the good guys and which countries are the bad guys?
People who live with a "Karen." what is the most crazy incident you have witnessed?
You're a Burglar, but only steal things to slightly inconvenience your victims. What are you stealing?
What problems would there be with making a solar powered car? Like, a car with a solar panel on the roof?
How much easier would your life be if you had boobs?
Moderators of Reddit: without getting into too much detail, what were some of the worst things you've seen/read before banning somebody?
Men, what’s one thing about you that women ought to know?
What are some good ways to be productive with nothing but an internet and a computer?
Just curious, is it possible for animals to be gay? Why or why not?
If you were able to meet god, what would you ask him ?
Owners of talking parrots, what’s the most awkward thing your parrot has said?
Call centre employees of reddit, what’s the funniest thing that has happened whilst you were working there?
What’s the story behind your reddit username?
Girl in my calculus class: I noticed you were on reddit. You and I + C(offee)?
When did you experience culture shock?
Forgive my lack of delicacy, but why do white people so often fail to display a sociological imagination, mistake anecdotal stories as a systemic reality and fail to recognize the impact of privilege?
[Breaking News] Seahawks/Patriots thread
What is your favorite trippy song?
How do you feel about someone who still sucks their thumb to get to sleep?
What foods did you love as kid but make you sick now?
People of Reddit, what is the best bad advice you can give someone?
What’s something you’d be happy doing every day for the rest of your career?
Why do we protest CEO salaries, but no one cares about professional athlete salaries? 
So ... who else is thinking "meh who cares, I'll just download Firefox tomorrow or something. Or the next day. Or whenever."
[SERIOUS] Ex-racists, what changed your mind?
What would be the gayest bank robbery?
Who’s your favorite guitarist?
How much is your life worth?
What’s something weird/funny/embarrassing you’ve done on Auto Pilot?
What was a “weird” moment in your life that you didn’t realize was actually a f*cked up one until later?
Redditors, how would you feel about a mandatory driving exam for old people every 5 years?
What do you think life would be like if every girlfriend expressed anger with her boyfriend by giving him really good blowjobs?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
How would you describe the flavor of cherry coke to a Belgian citizen who has been arrested multiple times for domestic violence?
Active smokers, why did you start smoking?
U are now immune to fall damage, what will u do?
What is heavier, one pound of brick or one pound of feather?
What song did you fall in love with not because of the original, but because of a cover?
Back To School Megathread!
To the men haters, why?
Who is the most photo-realistic person in history?
Isn't circumcision of children a human rights violation? How long will it be until Americans mobilize to make it illegal at birth?
People with IQ of 150 and over, what do you do for a living? What are your hobbies, favorite books/movies and most importantly, your "oh my god i'm an idiot" moment?
People who wear their face mask while driving alone, why?
Those of you with terminal illnesses, how do you find the motivation to keep going?
What are your thoughts on KSI x Ricegum beef?
The government reveals that one species of animal isn't actually from earth and are in fact an alien. What animal do you think it is?
What is that one thing that actually makes you angry?
Transgender musicians of reddit, has the transition changed the ways in which you play/sing?
People who comment but don't upvote, why?
From now on every time you shit there is a scream coming Out of your ass. You can choose whos scream it would be. What scream would you choose?
Multimillionaires of Reddit, what are you doing to help improve this world?
Humans of the female species, what height for males is considered short?
Advice for an introvert guy who just can't initiate conversation with new people? And even don't talk with people he knows unless it's an absolute necessity??
What group of people get too much hate? Why?
Does life actually get better? How do you come back/get better from being lonely and extremely depressed? How do you create meaningful relationships when you are so screwed up?
If you seen a clone version of yourself in public, what’s the first thing you’d do?
What was your biggest "okay, boomer" moment?
people who were deaf but gained hearing later in life, what were you expecting to make a noise that doesn’t?
Your Reddit username is what become. How would life be for you?
People in America, how dangerous are your daily lives, being able to buy guns almost anywhere by anyone?
Women who love anal sex, how relevant is Sun Tzu's 'The Art of War' in modern warfare?
Has the music in your headphones ever coincided perfectly with the world around you? In what way?
Who is just prettier with the mask on?
People of color on Reddit, have you ever faced backhanded racism? If so, what were those experiences?
What if you suddenly feel a touch on the shoulder following with the words: "are you sleeping during my class?". You open your eyes and you are at your 7th grade math class, all of the life leading up to this point was just a dream and you are a 7th grader. What are your thoughts?
What is your biggest fear?
People who eat the heel of the loaf of bread first, what horrible tragedy made you like this?
Guys, what is a simple thing that you do that can arouse a girl?
Men of reddit when was the last time you've cried and why?
Conservative Christians, why do almost all of your people group support President Trump no matter what? [serious]
Your SO turn out to be 3000 year old ultimate lifeform capable of shapeshifting. How would you react to that reveal?
What are some amazing (positive) breakthroughs / events we can expect in the next few years?
Rule 34 states "If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions." What is something that you're pretty confident is an exception?
People of Reddit! As someone who hasn't drank alcohol, why did you drink it and what does it taste like?
People attracted to Shrek, what turns you on about him?
What is your high school date failure (or success ;) ) story?
What is your favorite dead meme?
What is going to happen to Hong Kong? [Serious]
What’s the most fucked up thing the US government has done?
What makes you feel manly?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
How is the poop up?
Redditors who were killed in self-defense, what happened?
What does society overrate?
If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
How is it 
What movie title would be improved by adding Sex or Sexy to it?
Dear reddit, what are you known for?
Parents of reddit, what is most fucked up secret you are hiding from your children?
Whats a dream you’ve had that you still think of to this day?
What happens when you are sick and need to go to the hospital in North Korea?
You are now the manager of purgatory, it’s a mix between heaven and hell. How would you make people uncomfortable, while they can also enjoy things?
Whats one thing you're greatful for?
[NSFW] Which Celebrity would you like to fuck?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
People of reddit who got an ADHD diagnosis as an adult, when did you get it and how did it help you?
What dating advice would you give to a 15 year old with no romantic experience?
Non-Americans, how have this pandemic changed your view on America?
what doesnt scream "im american"?
Dear Reddit, I'm a Republican, do you think we can be friends?
What's something that is socially acceptable now but you believe won't be within 30 years?
If yogurt has yeast in it, why doesn't it rise against the patriarchy like it does in bread?
"Damned if you do, damned if you don't" is a situation where you lose regardless of your decision. Was there ever a point in your life where you faced this situation and if so, what was it and what was your choice?
Redditors with good eyesight, what is it like to be able to watch your haircuts in progress?
Why did you read this post?
What could happen in 2020 that would make it good year in the end?
What is the most random fact that you know and why do you know it?
People who drink milk, why?
Boys of reddit what happened when you got caught staring at a girls butt by the girl?
Which fictional character did you fall for?
You’re the security of a club and everyone in the world is coming tonight, who don’t you let in and why?
What looks complicated to do but is actually quite easy?
What is something you can say during sex but can also say at family dinner?
What does your ideal sandwich consist of?
Which Cartoon Character had the Best Character Development and why?
Raiders of 51, what equipment are you taking with you ?
What is your opinion on bisexuality?
Why does reddit hate skinny girls? Women under 110 lbs, I would marry every single one of you and your protruding hip bones if I could. 
What would Donald Trump's dinosaur name be?
Gamers of Reddit: What are some common misconceptions about videogames that non gamers (i.e. parents/teachers/grandparents) firmly believe in? If applicable, were you able to change their opinion?
How do you feel about senior citizens getting their license revoked until they can pass an eye exam, road rules test, and a driving exam?
You're a space pirate! What's the name of your ship?
People who have dated or are dating their best friends, what advice would you give for maintaining a healthy relationship and also to keep the friendship strong even if something goes down ?
Without stating your age, how old are you?
[SERIOUS] Why people post stupid videos in TikTok?
Who is the prettiest pornstar in your opinion? (Nsfw)
I am A Homeless Mother of Two Looking for a Christmas Miracle
If your penis was a movie, which movie it would be?
What is a life hack that you found online (YouTube, etc..) that eventually turned out to be helpful and you have started using it ever since?
What did you do with your first paycheck?
You’re in a public bathroom, someone tries to open the door, what do you say to make the situation super awkward?
What is the dumbest idea you have ever had that actually worked?
What are some lesser-known secondary uses for an everyday product?
What is the most convincing photograph taken of something supernatural, in your opinion?
Liars of Reddit, what is your longest ongoing lie?
What is better, travelling in the first class airplane or staying in a 5 star hotel?
If you could create ONE new law that everyone in this world had to follow, what would it be? Why?
What is the forbidden word?
Assholes of Reddit, why do you try so hard to defend using "retard" as an insult?
What are some good things Trump has done in his Presidency?
Why would you pray for the dead?
People Who Are Protesting Against Mask Orders, Why Are You Protesting This?
If you broke up with your partner, when did you realise the relationship wasn’t right for you and what finally prompted your decision to end it?
What question would you love an answer to that will never be answered?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?
Redditors of Reddit. Why?
What social media platform is the most toxic and why?
What is the saddest song you listened to?
People who worked in gambling houses, what dirty tricks were used (or were you forced to apply?) to screw gamblers over?
What can those who don’t live in Hong Kong do to support the protesters fighting for freedom?
What's yours worst experience with a Karen?
What's the worst episode of a great tv show?
Reddit, I need your advice. Mormons came to the door and I bit one of them. My owner is scared.
Am I the only one who finds it weird that a lot of Americans don't care about the environment and loads of other big issues, but when someone starts to touch them a bit too much they go apeshit.
Sometimes cheap and expensive items are the same thing with the only difference being the brand name. What are some examples of this?
What's an automatic downvote for you?
What's your opinion on Belle Delphine new song?
Who’s thinking about changing career after Covid-19, what are you thinking of changing to and what is your age ?
Men of reddit, what do women do that they think is okay but is actually creepy?
Why does God care more about helping sports stars and celebrities achieve their goals in life than helping people stuck in conditions of famine, war, abuse etc?
What’s that story you’ve never been able to tell?
People who comment to these questions that don't actually involve you, why?
Arnold Schwarzenegger's cameo at the end of the Harry Potter saga features the classic line, "Get in the chopper, Harry". How do you feel about Arnold portraying Dumbledore in a Harry Potter reboot?
Men who play with sex toys can you explain why? And what they buy?
Which religion do you think is the best?
i think i might have been raped on 4/20...please help
Have you ever masturbated at work? What’s your story? Why/why not?
Grown adults who get excited about Disney’s new live action remakes, why?
What would you do if you met Satan?
When was the last time you have ever been told not to do something by your parents as a child but end up doing it anyway even if your parents know?
What’s a word you’ve never said before out loud?
US Black american waiters/waitresses of reddit, what has changed for you during the riots?
In all seriousness, for those who have studied psychology, what is wrong with Trump?
[Serious] Women of Reddit: how did you manage to get out of a friendship with your ex that was once friendly but turned toxic?
Why can't we have a White Lives Matter group?
What can you say about your President?
Have you ever had sex with someone famous? NSFW. 
If someone says “I love you” but you’re not ready to say it back, how do you respond?
What if you dont eventually find someone?
What's way more painful than most people think?
What the weirdest thing you did while you were high?
[serious] - What do you think about people taking down statues nowadays to address the racial problem?
Redditors, do you want to have kids or remain childless? Any reason why?
Why are you browsing r/askreddit by new?
[Serious] A few years ago, the Guggenheim museum unveiled an exhibit that was a gold, fully functioning toilet that visitors could use. The exhibit was called America. How do you feel about this?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, where have you messed up in raising your children so far? What would you have done differently if you could go back in time?
What is stopping you from becoming the version of yourself you truly aspire to be?
What bot accounts on reddit should people know about?
What us the most illegal thing you have ever done?
What if the world didn't end tommorow?
Simps who just donate money to e-girls, why do you even bother?
Teachers, what’s the darkest thing you’ve seen from a student?
Non-Americans of reddit, How do you view America?
Atheists, if God came into you’re house and let you ask one question what would it be?
What are the most common mistakes your cat makes in bed?
Why don't Americans talk more about the cause of the Vietnam war being a lie?
What is a job that is more dangerous than most people think?
[SERIOUS] What are some tips for being good at debating?
Why isn’t China being held responsible for lack of standards leading to several viruses spreading globally and why isn’t the media outlets being held responsible for manufacturing fear among the general population?
Help me propose to my boyfriend :) (Gay couple) See inside for details :)
What is the most "worth it" item you have ever purchased?
People who waited until marriage for sex , would you recommend it?
Artists (of any kind) and creative people of Reddit, what do you do when your inspiration has run dry?
What older (5yr+) video games do you love and believe has stood the test of time?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you’re actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
He was a boy, she was a girl, how can you make it any more obvious?
People who buy reddit platinum, why do you do this?
Is it still okay to enjoy browsing and jacking guilt free to ebony porn? Why or why not?
Who is this feat and why is he in so many songs?
What the fastest way you’ve seen someone ruin their life?
How did you or someone you know "got woke, went broke"?
What has been some of the crazy shit Trump has said during his presidency? What are your Trump’s greatest hits?
Dead people of reddit, what were your last moments like before you died?
What was the most boomer thing your parent did?
Other guys of Reddit, do you realize she doesn’t mean “go faster” when she tells you that she’s about to orgasm while you’re fingering her?
Without saying what show it is, what's a quote from a show that most fans would recognise?
Gamers of reddit, what was your worst "controller ran out of battery" moment?
You are gifted 150 trillion dollars from an anonymous donor, but with one condition - you must only wear socks for 11 months, the type of sock is up to you. Do you do it and which would you wear?
People who wear shorts in winter: WHY?
What is the pettiest, silliest, most meaningless hill you are willing to die on?
People no longer bound by their non disclosure agreements, what can you now disclose?
What is the worst place to be seen exiting while wiping your mouth?
Dog owners of Reddit: Would you cut of 5 years of your own life and give these to your dog? If so, why?
How did you make it through today?
What is the biggest screwup you have seen from an intern?
How do we know that poop tastes bad?
What's your irrational fear?
What are tips to get over a break up?
Do online games ever make you think your playing against people but it's actually AI, what trash talk techniques would they program them with?
What is your oldest memory from your childhood? And how old were you then?
What game is easy to learn but also very satisfying to play?
What exactly do you like about Biden, other than orange man bad?
Americans of reddit, what's stopping you from organizing yourselves and skipping work en masse to protest?
Fall damage is now disabled. What are you going to do with this new ability?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
What’s the most bizarre chewing gum flavor you can come up with?
[Serious] Conservatives of Reddit, if you truly do not believe that our Constitution was created as a living document, then how can you claim you have the right to bear arms, which was not a right until three years after the Constitution had already been created?
What if someone wrote a story about you? Would you be considered a hero or a villain in your story?
People who don't watch videos at 1.5/2 playback speed. Why?
What's your "this is too good to be true" moment?
What scares you the most?
Women of Reddit, The Body Shop has removed the word 'women' from their products and now use the term 'people who menstruate'. How does it make you feel that a company now labels you as a menstruator?
What's a good name for a obviously fake college/university?
White lives matter banner at the Man City vs Burnley game. How backwards can society be?
What was the best meal you ever had? What made it so satisfying?
What are the some questions whose answer always is "it depends"?
In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
First why is the word why. Why does it exist?
people of color, what do you prefer to be called as a group and why based on your ethnicity?
What is something that you want to get off your chest but can tell to a stranger?
How do you fight loneliness?
What are some warning signs of predatory behavior that you believe more people should be aware of?
If “I/you pulled a Trump” is the new saying. Explain, what this means with an example sentence?
What would happen if every one who doesn't support Trump took to the streets?
Guys, why do you notice less/less attracted to girls who doesn’t/rarely wears makeup when you often say that you prefer a girl who is natural?
What's your internet "white whale", something you've been searching for years to find with no luck?
If you could tell Donald Trump anything what would you say?
What's the weirdest (not sexual) way to relax yourself?
What is [404]?
You have $13.95, a truckload of expired cool whip, 30 trained falcons, and a batman suit. Your goal is to create the largest news story possible. How would you achieve this?
What’s the most bullshit “fact” you can make up that sounds true?
Girls of Reddit, what are signs that you give off to let a guy know that you're interested?
What is the perfect food at 2 A.M. when your drunk as shit? Why?
What do you think about creating a world where blacks, and black men, can truly experience freedom?
It has now been 6969 days since the year 2000. How will you celebrate this monumental day?
Survivors of commas what was it like?
People who don't use google as their primary search engine, what do you use and why do you choose it over google?
Rap fans, what is your favorite diss track and why?
What is the most fun video game that you’ve played(past 2013)?
How do people tell American notes apart quickly without colours?? Especially when they're screwed up or folded or rolled up tightly?
[Serious] Redditors who voted Trump in 2016 and do not plan to do so in November, what was your turning point?
Pineapple on pizza? Why or why not?
People who've insured a very specific body part: what's your story?
Where are all those militias that have been arming against our tyrannical government? "Don't tread on me?"
You are now teleported 2 feet to the left, what changed?
What would you put in a time capsule to be dug up 100 years later?
What are some Star Wars quotes you can say during sex?
What dire warning from your parents turned out to be bullshit?
Why do women dress to be sexy/noticed but think it's rude when you stare at them?
What do all new redditors need to know right when they join?
How do you feel about Trump saying that social media should be "strongly regulated" or "shut down" because they don't promote conservative views?
You find out your mom is actually bisexual and she is having an affair with another woman. What you do?
He's down, he's really down, he's down, he's really down, how can you laugh when you know he's down?
What would happen if everyone you’ve ever masturbated to were in the same room?
How would you feel about a national walkout of work day for non-essential workers to show that the economy can't be saved if workers aren't saved?
What is a common super hero ability?
Cops of Reddit, what can an intimidating sized man who is objectively threatening looking and a minority, do and behave to keep us both safe?
People who have NOT survived an attempted murder, what is your story?
Trump supporters of Reddit, why?
What's the sexiest thing girls unintentionally tend to do that turn on guys a lot ?
Who's the first youtuber you have subscribed to?
Police Officers of Reddit, what are you thinking when you see cases like George Floyd?
How come skinny girls are so cute?
Donald Trump supporters, why?
You call a phone sex hotline. You have 30 seconds to make the operator on the other end so incredibly uncomfortable that THEY hang up on YOU. How do you go about doing it?
What do you think about when you look up at the night sky?
What's the most interesting conversation you've had with a stranger?
What is the best way to get out of paying a red light camera ticket in LA County?
Whats the worst note to be read aloud in your classroom?
What’s an unfun fact?
Why borderlands is one of the best game series in the world (besides its madness)?
How do some skinny girls have big boobies?
What facts about physics are terrifying?
What was your "you NEED to see a doctor" moment?
Flight attendants and aircraft passengers of Reddit, what is the scariest/weirdest experience you’ve had on an airplane?
Your user name is now your stand. What is it and what are your confuzing abilities?
If someone was going to ‘borrow’ your body for a week by slipping their consciousness in (yours is asleep), what would they need to know about it first?
What's it like dating a Smoker and how do you deal with their breath?
What if the cop who killed George Floyd isn't even racist?
What food do you love but fully understand if people hate them?
Why do young people still take up smoking with all we know about its effects now?
Is Christianity the only religion that we can openly mock without fear of repercussions? If we are so for tolerance in all its forms, why wouldn't Christianity be allowed the same respect?
What did a school teacher say that stuck with you?
Which would have been the greatest historical plot twists?
What's a saying/quote/word that most people don't use correctly and how is it actually supposed to be used?
If there was a beginner guide to Reddit , what would it say?
[serious] Straight people of Reddit with gay parents, did you ever face any kind of oppression/abuse from your parents when you “came out” as straight, similar to how some gay people face oppression/abuse from their parents when they come out as gay? If so, what happened?
What hentai fantasy has the highest possibility to become reality in the future?
If a genie grants you the opportunity to ejaculate $50 in cash instead of sperm every time you cum for the rest of your life meaning you can't have any more children, would you accept? Why, why not?
Mods of Reddit - what was the funniest post that you had to delete, but wish could have stayed up for humor purposes?
What is legal but immoral/unethical ?
What was the name of the first video game you’ve ever played?
Research shows Trump's trade policies have negatively affected the U.S. economy, so why will you vote for him?
Boyfriends of Reddit, What’s a Nice Thing to do for Your Girlfriend (other than flowers)?
Your username is the way you will die. how do you die?
Dear moms of reddit have you ever been attracted to your (step) son and how did it happen?
Redditor’s who work in the food industry, what was the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen ordered by a customer?
People who voted for Harambe last election, but will vote for Deez Nuts this election. What made you change your mind?
What's one food everyone likes but you hate?
If you could eat time, what do you think it would taste like?
If Satan Had A Dog What Breed Would It Be?
How do you guys feel about Greta Thunberg?
What are you really like outside of work or school?
Reddit, what is one thing that makes someone a better person?
What is the most extreme misuse of an everyday item you have ever witnessed?
Why is it that Reddit will not let me go back to a neutral position from an upvote?
Redditors who moved to Ohio, why?
New Reddit users, what don't you understand about Reddit yet?
What unanswered questions about the universe keep you up at night?
What actor is the most guilty of playing the same exact character in every film?
People who speak &gt;1 languages, what language do you dream in?
People of reddit, who converted to other religions, what made you change?
what was the most nsfw scene you saw but you were too young to understand?
People who’ve actually downloaded premium apps to track who visits and stalks your social media profiles, did they work, and what did you find?
Redditors, who are not in love with their SOs, why are you still with them?
People who have accidentally uploaded something embarrassing instead of their school assignment, what did you upload and how did they react?
What's some juicy neighborhood gossip you know?
If real life was a videogame, what would be some loading screen tips?
What is one thing you can do that nobody else can?
Take your name and the name of one of your pets and now it's your pornstar name. What is it ?
To what levels will a government go to retain control of a nation on the brink of a civil war? What will they really do you think?
Plumbers of reddit, what's the most unexpected thing you've pulled out of a toilet?
What do you think of Femcels?
How do you celebrate 🎉 your Father’s Day?
I just asked a question about people being bored of Reddit. It made it to #1 front page in 2 hours and then it was just deleted. How come?
What's a genuine question you have that Google can't seem to answer but maybe somebody on Reddit can?
People of Reddit, why do you like and not comment? Or comment without liking?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the best excuse for being late that turned out to be true?
If Albert Einstein was so smart than how come he died?
Former conservatives of Reddit, how does it make you feel to be lumped in with Trump?
What is the best thing a friend did for you in school?
What is the funniest TV scene?
Your username is now a product, what is it?
What is your favorite meme?
People of Reddit, how do you?
[serious] what’s the best way to lose weight over the summer?
What's the wierdest life advice you ever get?
People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
What do you hate about Reddit?
Do you think that women should be free to walk around topless in public places, just as men can? Why?/why not?
Mattel releases a new version of Uno called "Fuck-You-No." It's like Uno, but there's a ton of new Special Cards, and all of them are designed to fuck over the next player. What are some of these special cards?
Dead people of reddit, how good is it in hell?
What do cops do when they realise their guns are black and there nightstick is also black?
Collectors of Reddit, what was your first item that started of your collection?
Redditors who've heard voices in your head, what was it like? [Serious]
What if you woke up and discovered you were the only person on earth?
What movies you shouldn't watch if you have a fear of blood?
What's a fetish you tried and only found out you weren't into after you tried it?
If you were a YouTuber, what would your fanbase name be?
What movie was better than the book and why ?
Whats a great response too "I hate you?"
People who come in 5 minutes before the store closes, why??
When did the popular kid’s life fall apart in a few seconds?
Whats ok to fap to online and what isn't? (NSFW)
How come ppl judge u for drinking alone but not for getting high on weed alone?
What's the most interesting fact you know?
What City/State/Country is overrated?
What is a "What the fuck did I just listen to" song?
How is your relation with your ex?
What does Reddit think of a user enabled "repost" tag, similar to the new NSFW tag?
how do they know what color dinosaurs were if they didnt have color cameras back then?
If everyone on Earth were getting ranked, 1 - 7,594,000,000, what ranking system would put you in the top 1,000,000?
What TV show from the 90s should they remake in 2020?
Blind people of Reddit, what's the stupidest way you've seen someone try to get up votes?
Men of reddit who proposed and she said no, what happened afterwards with your life?
Teenagers of Reddit, If superpowers were real, how do you think you're school would change?
People who work in meat packaging, why do you fart in packets of ham before sealing them?
Imagine you waking up and all the people in the entire earth is lgbtq+, and you are a straight male/female, what would you do next?
(SERIOUS) People who have survived attempted murder, what's your story?
How does someone know if their wife is an alien gorilla that feeds on spicy plums?
For those who were able to see The Empire Strikes Back in theaters for the first time, how did it feel when Darth Vader said, "Open the door, get on the floor, everybody walk the dinosaur"?
[Serious] For people who don't want to (or won't) wear face masks during pandemic situations - Why?
If the Earth suddenly grew arms and hands to scratch an itch, where would the itch be located?
Girls of Reddit, what are things that guys should not be insecure about?
[Serious] Do you know any highly educated people working in an "unskilled" job? What's the story?
What is your biggest driving pet peeve?
If we all woke up tomorrow morning to find that it was the start of 2020 again but everyone knew what was ahead, what do you think would happen?
If you could jizz anything, what would it be?
Amerikans you have black history month, but why don't some of you still not know Tulsa massacre, Fort Mose, and other black related historical events?
What is an underrated website everyone should know about?
If you could fuck any person (alive or dead) in the world in the ass, whose buttocks would you choose? Would you make a choice to steer the world in the right direction or choose from lust?
How do you feel about an adult that still sleeps with their stuffed animal?
Trevor Noah once said "America is 50 countries masquerading as one" do you think this is true or false if so why?
Starting next week, fart sounds will be replaced with a sound of your choosing. What sound should it be?
Artists of reddit. What is the weirdest commission you've gotten?
Cosplayers, what’s one cosplay you will never do again and why?
Your goal is to anger an entire fandom. How do you do it?
Marry the person you love or marry the one who loves you?
[Serious] For those who have a murderer in their family/entourage, what is their story and how has it affected you?
People who are / have been homeless, what was the first night without a home like, and how did you adapt to your new situation?
What do you think of Trump mocking that man who had disabilities?
What's the most useful NSFW tip/hack you know?
Your username is the cause of the next crisis in the U.S. What happened?
What is a great way to make someone feel uncomfortable?
Ladies, in all honesty, how many of you incorporate gagging noises into your blowjob technique and why?
My grandpa's girlfriend is vocally opposed to President Obama because he is a "socialist." She receives monthly disability from the government for bipolar disorder. What political hypocrisies piss you off?
What kind of a person are you?
Would you date a girl with small boobs?
What do you think of overused and reposted questions on AskReddit?
Reddit, why are you better than everyone else?
If you could make 1 law for the entire planet, what would it say?
Your pillow now moans when you cuddle with it, what do you do?
What would a dick sucking a dick look like?
If Victoria had a secret, what would it be?
Who is one person that you could never believe isn't just genuinely nice?
Your arm is now your favorite food. Now what?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
What would be the worst possible fictional universe to live in?
I'm an atheist, believe in science and just had a mind blowing reading with a psychic that I thought I was going to laugh off as a fake. I didn't.
What do you think is the single greatest photograph in history?
What is your favorite comfort food?
Read too much tragedies and dark stories in this sub. Need something to cheer up. Any wholesome stories to share?
What would you do if you suddenly had "fuck you money"?
Do you feel as though the Trump administration is to blame for the madness happening in the US right now? Why or why not?
[serious] What can the average American do to fight back against immigrant detention centers?
how much cum does it take to fill an ass?
What movie did you watch over and over and over again?
What did a fictional character say that stuck with you?
If casual sex exist, does that means that ranked competitive sex exists ? What are the different ways you can earn points or get into a higher league ?
What are the things every man should at least try even though they are stigmatized as "gay" or "unmanly" ?
Girls of Reddit, what are some NSFW tips you wish every guy knew?
Teachers of Reddit, what are some positive trends you have noticed in today's youth?
What are the toxic elements of Reddit?
[Serious] Redditors who want The Cookie Monster to become president, why?
What’s a fact about space that you find fascinating?
[NSFW] Virgins of Reddit, what is your "best" sex advice?
Why can't you have your cake and eat it too?
Female masturbaters of reddit, who do you normally think about while playing? What's the likelihood a guy has been thought about by a masturbating female?
[Serious] Whats the scariest thing you have ever seen?
People who wear hoodies when it is 100 degrees out, why?
What can you say as a policeman and also during sex?
Ex-atheists of reddit, why did you change your beliefs?
The President mistakenly declares Martian Law, instead of Martial Law. What powers does he think he has under Martian Law?
Why on Earth am people so insecure about their inability to sexually satify people they are never going to have sex with in their life?
People who don't signal when driving; why don't you?
There's a meeting at 12 noon. The meeting was pushed forward two hours. What time is the meeting, is the meeting at 10am or 2pm?
What has this pandemic ruined for you?
When is a time someone has come to your defense?
What question would you most like to ask a transgender person?
What's your All Cops Are Bastards story?
Since President Trump is impeached, what do you think will be the outcome?
What are your thoughts on the ocean?
Grab the book nearest to you and flip to page 57. The first full sentence describes your current life situation. What did it say?
Trump is hit by lightning and suddenly a good man. For what will he apologize first?
How did you come up with your username?
People living in small towns, what’s the recent scandal?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve witnessed at a funeral?
Found GF on GoneWild....Just need a little perspective.  Do you post without your S/O knowing? why? 
What subreddit could you not wait to leave?
People with vaginas, where is the worst place you’ve ever been surprised by your period, and how did you deal with it?
What is the best way to mess with scam callers?
Who is your personal favorite (actually) small artist that you hold on to?
Every character played by the same actor is now a part of one continuous story. Which actor has the best story arc?
Ladies, how often do you masturbate and about what, honestly?
You will lose money based on the last thing you Googled. How?
Americans how do you feel about the fact that at the start of 2020 you feared ww3 and now are starting a civil war?
Woman was talking to her 5(ish) year old son on the LRT, explaining that murder is 'very, very bad.' Then she asks him what the worst thing in the world is, expecting him to say murder. He paused in thought, and then replied 'people.' What strangely insightful things have you heard young kids say?
Why do Cyclists ask for equality on the road but think they're above some traffic laws like stop signs? 
What did you really like eating as a kid?
[Serious] Translators of Reddit, what is the most disturbing thing you have had to translate?
What’s by far, the best thing about depression?
What positive things is Gen Z going to be remembered for?
What is a song you want to make love to?
I'm the reason a girl dies. What do I do?
What would happen if Facebook shut down and all its 1.2 billion users moved to Reddit?
What are some interesting science or history topics that a lot of people don’t know about?
What is a myth that you are tired of hearing?
If God created the universe then who created God?
What could realistically fuck up 2020 even more?
What's the most useless thing you learned in school?
Vegans of reddit, When preforming oral, can you swallow or do you have to spit [NSFW?]
Has anyone actually fell for the " there are horny singles near you"? and if so what was the outcome?
What's the most obscure thing you would do for a quick pound/dollar?
Republicans of Reddit, how do you feel about peaceful protesters being gassed in order for Trump to have a photo-op at a Church while holding a bible upside down?
How do you trick yourself into doing a mundane task?
If you're so mad, why haven't you deleted your account?
I have a problem...
What is truly harder than it looks?
How would you commit the perfect crime?
Redditors who have done incest, how did everything turn out?
How is it ok for Stubhub to use bots to bog down a tickets sites servers and buy all the tickets then turn around and sell them for double the initial cost?
If you could convert your horniness into thrust, would it help you reach escape velocity? If yes, how far out would it take you?
If you could have said one thing right as you were born, what would you have said to freak out everyone in the room the most?
Why is it called sex ed if we never get to have sex with Ed?
If a guy got a handjob from someone who only spoke in sign language,did he technically get a blowjob ?
Straight Guys of Reddit who sucked other people's penises, why?
Jesus said “he who lives by the sword dies by the sword” and he was a carpenter who died nailed to a piece of wood. By this logic, how would you die?
Why people can relate with Spiderman more than any other superhero?
Silent Mass of Reddit, why do you vote but never comment?
What is your favorite cartoon character?
What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
Why do Americans refer to their country as "free"?
What is "ok boomer"?
Police officers of Reddit how do you feel about the massive George Floyd protest and the looters and the fact that the police are feeling unsafe?
What's the worst possible response to "I'm pregnant!"?
With everything going on right in terms of pandemic, economic and political instability, and global warming, what are some things that are good news, that could give someone hope?
If Antman was in your butthole how big would you let him get before asking him to stop?
Who was THAT online friend and what is your story?
Who's your favorite Harry Potter character? Why?
What song is currently stuck in your head??
Former Trump supporters of Reddit, what was the final straw for you?
Transgender people of redit what is the best gender for masturbating and why?
What's something you've gotten away with as a kid because "they're young and don't know what they're doing!" when really you knew exactly what you were doing?
Girls, when watching porn, what kind do you go for?
Victorian Police threatening rape at Occupy Melbourne protests today. What can I do?
Why did you pick your username as your username?
Reddit, if you think China is a good country. Why?
How dummy thicc is Bigfoot?
Which hero, if turns bad will make a terrific villain?
Jesus took 2 fish and copied them to please 5000 people. Why can't I do the same with a movie?
What was the most awkward moment you've ever had?
Who is the best fictional dad in history?
Smokers, like... why even?
What would you do if your mom said you gotta prevent hostile aliens from annihilating us all?
Former Trump haters who will now be voting for him in the next election: what changed your minds?
What songs are in your “sad” playlist?
Your username is your Persona/Stand. What's your stand power?
Why do you upvote?
The topic is ominous positivity, what’s the first thought that comes to mind?
What are your favorite moments from Donald Trump's presidency?
What is something to say to someone who’s anti-BLM with saying ‘All Lives Matter’ and is a Karen?
Who is the most famous person you've ever met?
What would you do if trump teleported behind you?
Who like the smell of gasoline?
People of reddit, what is something you wish was normalised?
What’s the wildest thing that happened at your school?
For the people who watch Belle Delphine, why?
What does a vagina feel like? Does it feel like having two butt holes?
Hey bald people of reddit, when you wash your face, how far up do you go ?
Reddit, I just cheated on my girlfriend with her hot twin. What should I do?
White people of Reddit: How have you been oppressed by the police?
[Serious] Why do you think people are racist, homophobic, sexist, etc?
In what situation drinking (regular) water can harm you?
What was your first kiss like?
AskReddit has hit 25,000,000 subscribers! (insert party parrots here)
If you were offered 1440000 dollars per month from Jeff Bezos to allow him to use your soft buttocks as a pillow each night, would you acept it? If not, why?
You’ve been granted immortality. You’re a minimum wage worker with a useless degree and crippling student debt. What’s your immortal life plan?
Is America going authoritarian? If so how do we stop it?
Which one do you prefer? "Friends" or "How I met Your Mother"?
Why do American football/baseball teams get the title of 'world champions' when no other nationality competes?
why do you comment but not upvote askreddit posts?
At what age is a woman to old to have a child?
What do ritalin/adderral do for productivity?
What are some things you have made up about yourself just to make yourself sound more interesting?
What is something everyone should know how to do at age 30?
What part of your Personality do you Fake?
NSFW if the way you lost your virginity was the same way you died, how would you die?
You are laying all alone at night. What would you say if that one special person were laying next to you?
What are the Universal Laws of Life which are true? Something like Newtons Laws or the Laws of Thermodynamics for life?
What do people think is healthy but really isn’t?
What are the best, most useful, must-have Google Chrome extensions?
There is this lady who lives in one story house and she loves pink, she got a pink dress, pink hair and a pink hat, what colour is her stairs?
What's a place easy to enter, but hard to exit?
What is an adult life equivalent of calling your teacher "mom"?
Dear redditors, how has your day been?
How much privilege do Asian Americans have?
If God would answer 1 question for you, what would you ask?
What is the issue with men wearing nail polish specifically in public?
[Serious] How worried should we be about Trump becoming a sort of dictator?
What do you think is the most underrated anime?
If you will add the word “Penis” at the end of a movie how will it look like?
What was a sketchy cheap buy, that ended up being one of your best purchases?
What’s the most messed up thing that happens at a sleepover?
What will now save Bernie Sanders from getting crushed by Joe Biden during rest of the primary process?
What is your definition of masturbate?
How do you guys get upvotes in the thousands?
Polar bears are assholes, why do we care about preserving them?
What made you support the LGBTQ+ community?
What's the dumbest idea you've heard but still went along with anyways?
Reddit, what will you downvote as soon as you see it?
Contrary to popular belief, I don't think Reddit is as friendly as people make it out to be. I find most of its users offensive and arrogant. How has Reddit let you down?
For those who haved worked in Porn, what brought you into that line of work?
I'm an atheist, but I want my daughter to have the ability to choose what she believes in on her own. How can I present her the options in a fair and non-biased way?
Ex-Atheists of Reddit, what made you come back?
If your username is the answer, what is the question?
Who is a genuinely good person?
Your username is your sexual fantasy. What is it?
Europeans, what's something about the US that you just refuse to believe? And anericans, what's something about Europe that you just refuse to believe?
Which villain do you feel sympathy for?
What are some funny speels like "skidaddle skidoodle your dick is now a noodle" and "flippyti floppyti women are property"?
Which English do you understand the most the American or the one from Uk and why?
What if we found live dinosaurs living on a remote island?
Lawyers Of Reddit, What Was Your "oh now you fucked up." Moment?
[Serious] People of Reddit, are you related to anyone famous/infamous? If so, who are/were they are how are you related to them?
Anyone like to drive late at night hoping to find a friend somewhere?
What kind of teenage bullshit probably happened at Hogwarts that wasn’t mentioned in the Harry Potter books?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What do you consider to be bad Reddit etiquette?
You time-travel from the year 2018 to 2020. You go outside and see everything closed and the streets empty. What's your reaction ? What do you assume happened ?
[serious] When was a time you legitimately thought you were going to die?
Any interesting NSFW stories? If yes, then what is it?
Men and women of Reddit, what are your thoughts on Trump's comments on how "you can do anything with women, including grabbing them “by the pussy”?
What worries you most about the future?
What is the most interesting non-sexual thing you've done for cash?
SERIOUS QUESTION: why is it SOME people make generalizations about African Americans, no one says anything - but when SOME people make generalizations about police or Caucasians, people have something to say?
What totally obvious scam do people still fall for?
Non-racists, when have you been the most racist?
If your username was an enemy in a video game, what item would it drop?
What's the worst "we're in this together" ad you've come across during this pandemic?
Pansexuals of Reddit, how much do you hate the jokes about having intercourse with kitchenware?
How would you feel about a dating site that matches people up by their internet search history?
Going to college five hours away from home to, what are some essentials to keep in car? Why?
Redditors who are married to Karens, how is it like?
Police of Reddit, what was the scariest moment of the protests?
Dear AskReddit, Should Saydrah be left alone, 
demodded or banned entirely for her recent actions 
of banning negative replies as a mod of r/pets? Lets 
leave the hyperbole and drama behind and have an 
objective discussion.
Police of Reddit, why are you inciting violence at peaceful protests? Or if you’re not, why are you allowing your coworkers to do so?
For girls on reddit, how do you feel while giving a blowjob?
Your username is now your superpower. How do you defeat bad guys?
Why do liberals defend muslims , while having no problem with people mocking christianity?
What are your "just to be safe" habits?
What is one thing you can say during sex and also when ordering from a fast food chain?
What if Pinocchio said his nose would grow?
Have you ever been “romantically” involved with a sociopath(ASPD diagnosed)? If so, is it actually a traumatising experience? What is it like?
If you think President Trump is doing a good job handling this situation, explain why?
What are you bringing with you when you raid Area 51?
Generation Z, how are you holding up?
How would you feel about a ban on "how would you feel about a ban on 'how would you feel about a ban on'" type questions?
Constitutional Lawyers of Reddit, what options do the American people have when dealing with a treasonous president?
Republicans of Reddit, what are your thoughts on Trump's obvious and stupid lie that the 75 year old man shoved by police who cracked his skull is an antifa plant and it was a set up?
What makes you feel old?
What do you think will happen in july or august?
What were you bullied for in school?
Doctors of reddit, what's your best miracle story?
Bank of America just charged my gf $7300, when she tried to transfer $73.00. Now they won't put it back in her account. What do I do?
Joe Biden could be the next POTUS, what does reddit think of Joe Biden?
Redditors of Reddit, what's the redditest thing reddit has ever reddited?
Who is your Favorite Ben 10 Alien and Why?
If you could get the real-ass answer to any question or mystery in the world, what would you want to know?
What is something about yourself that sounds totally made up but is 100% real?
When your on the phone with someone and they break the news to you that someone close to them has passed away, what’s the right way to console them?
People who enjoy non-pizza style hot pockets, why?
What is your favourite NON English movie?
What is the best movie quote you have ever heard?
Does anything annoy you more than when your mom overcooks salmon? If so, what?
If the Black Lives Matter movement is entirely about peace and unity; then why are so many people against it? ?
What is the worst fanfiction you have ever come across?
(NSFW) Pornstars of Reddit, have you ever been approached by a fan? If so what did they say?
What are your thoughts on making all officer body camera footage publicly accessible?
What was the best way you or someone you know has dealt with Karens?
Hey reddit, how many of you are watching the super bowl and browsing reddit at the same time?
What's the male version of Karen?
How do you control yourself when you are full of rage and want to keep calm?
If the enemies are muffins, then what are the signs of a stroke?
What is your least favorite thing about one of your favorite things?
People from that one post in AskReddit, what is your opinion on sorting by new?
What is a good song to poop on?
What is the worst thing you have ever done to someone?
What types of moves would you like to see in a Hillary/Trump sex tape?
What's the best blowjob you've ever had, and how did it pan out? Why was it so good?
If you were an alien that landed on earth trying to be human today (a sort of 'Third Rock From the Sun' situation), what do you think would be the most confusing concept to grasp?
What's a really cheap item you can buy that can make you look incredibly rich?
Final year grad Students of reddit, Are you worried about your career. If so why?
Sugar daddies, do you celebrate Father's Day? How?
You are moved 1 meter to the right. How does that affect you?
If Jeff Bezos decided to go full supervillain, what chaos would he be able to unleash while keeping within his $160.1 billion budget?
People who don’t wear masks out in public, why?
Why the fuck didn’t Frodo and Sam just fly on the damn eagles?
Females of Reddit, how is it like having a vagina?
Why is it okay to kill a cow but the second you have sex with it it is animal cruelty? (please read before you downvote)
Gun loving Americans of reddit: how does your auto or semi auto protect you from your govt which has planes tanks drones and can stick a missile up the ass of a camel from the other side of the world?
What are some things that even scientists can’t explain?
You are offered $100,000,000 if you hide your key successfully from the FBI for seven days. Where do you hide them?
Take the last song you heard and add "in my ass" after the title. What's the result?
You have just been cheated out of $1000 for a stupid brick. How do you take revenge?
Folks who only used the internet for porn and had their first online meeting for work, was it hot seeing colleagues in the thumbnails instead of porn stars?
What has been an upside to the lockdown for you?
Anyone else tired of seeing the STUPID FUCKING pictures with the green frog in it? Because I am..
[SERIOUS] How do you think a global Men's Rights Movement must be developed ?
Redditors with SOs who talk in their sleep, what is the creepiest thing they've said?
Dear artists of all kinds of Reddit, what are the weirdest clients and their orders/comissions?
How is everyone's gay doing?
What is your relationship with God?
If you could be any animal for a few days, and still retain your human brain, what would you be and what would you do?
If your pet had a pet peeve, what would it be?
What's the worst reply for "I love you"?
At a party you meet drunken Elon Musk who hands you his phone with Twitter open, says "do your worst" and goes to the bathroom. What do you tweet?
What are some cool websites where you can download free stuff?
The plot of the last movie you watched is what's gonna happen next in 2020. What is it?
People who write "Ur" instead of "your", what do you do with all the time you saved?
If School was a game, what would be some loading screen tips ?
Your internet cuts out for 24-hours starting now. How screwed are you?
What is the most severe case of someone being completely out of touch with reality you've ever seen?
Would you support legalization of psychedelics (lsd, dmt, mushrooms, etc) and ecstasy? These drugs seem to be less dangerous than alcohol and cigarettes. What's your opinion?
Is anyone else tired of hot women labeling themselves as "total nerds" in interviews?
People that want to violate historical sites for BML, do you reall think that this is an good idea? And if so why? Or are you just joking?
[Serious] People who don't own a bank account in 1st world nations, why?
What makes you not want to die at the end of each day?
Doctors of Reddit - despite having the best possible knowledge of the ill effects of being obese, why are you overweight?
Ladies of Reddit which 3-4 guys are on your hypothetical bukkake dream team and why?
White women of Reddit, from your experience, how gassy do you get?
Fellow people of Reddit, are you night owls or morning people? If so, why?
What font do you speak in?
People with 1 TB phones. What do you use all that space for?
Do you believe most women when they say they’re not jealous of skinny women who have big fake boobs? Why?
If you fell into a wormhole, where would you like to end up?
What is the best food and drink combo?
What’s your opinion on Greta Thunberg? [Serious]
Women of reddit. What does it feel like to be tit fucked?
Why do you believe op is a fucking legend?
What is something you enjoyed as a man, but hate as a woman?
[Serious] Let it out: What's your sexual assault story?
Congrats, you're invisible for the next 48 hours. What are your intentions with this temporary effect?
"I was raped""No, we had sex"
People who are against abortions, why?
After many years, I got a friend request, a brief apology, and a request for forgiveness from my middle school and early-high school bully. The person who most tainted my life and made me an outcast. Here's my response inside. Am I now the asshole?
Went to my first "Reddit meetup" on Friday. It was a disaster. Reddit, if you've been to a Reddit meetup, how did it go?
People that upvote post but dont comment what is your reasoning?
Why can’t the Americans stop using reddit as their political battleground?
People who aren't wearing masks in public, why?
What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
What did you use to hate as a kid but now love as an adult?
What are the chances of this dying in new?
Gamers: what video games did you play this weekend?
What happened to the post containing documents posted by Anonymous of the child-sex victim settlements of Trump?
Hotel staff of Reddit, how often do you catch people nude in the halls and what's your best story? [NSFW]
100 highly trained assassins are sent to kill you. the main character from the last video game you played has to protect you. Who is it?
Gynecologists of reddit, what's the weirdest way you've seen someone's pubic hair be shaved? (NSFW)
your username is the answer. what’s the question?
Straight people: When did you realize you weren't gay?
Happy [Yam] Day! Here is an album of yam memes to celebrate.
If 1 up vote can save a life. How many life do you save per day?
What is your biggest regret??
What scared you the most as a kid?
I don't really care what anyone says, Civilization 5 sucks.
My 10 year old brother is required to have a Nook, Ipad, Kindle, etc. for his 5th grade class. I find this absolutely absurd. Your thoughts?
Dear r/AskReddit What is Your Favorite Cartoon Lkcation and Why?
Where Would You Be Right Now If You Were Rich?
What world records will never be broken purely for the fact that no one even wants to attempt it?
How does petition.org work? Does anything actually happen when there are enough signed?
What seems to be overrated, until you actually try it?
What are the chances that Mr. Bean is an alien based on the show’s opening scene?
Americans, why do you love your guns so much?
Gym goers of reddit, what are the unwritten rules of gyms?
What would be the likely characteristics of the typical Karen's husband?
For those who went viral on reddit, what was it like to see your posts with thousands of up-votes and comments?
Americans of Reddit, what's your favourite gun?
Your username dictates how the OP dyes, how fucked is he?
Who is your Time Person of the Year that would most piss Trump off?